PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move war
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
bla support bul move rum
boh move vie
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
gal support rum
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move hol
mid move iri
nap move gre via convoy
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser move bud
spa hold
ven move tri
war move sil
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army stp
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
ank move arm
bar support nwy move stp
bel hold
ber support mun move sil
bla support con move bul
bot support stp
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
gal support rum
gre support bul move ser
hol hold
ion move tun
iri hold
kie move mun
mar hold
mun move sil
nap move apu
nth move eng
nwy move stp
rum hold
sil move mun
spa move por
stp hold
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sil move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu move ion
arm move sev
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
ber move pru
bla move rum
boh move vie
bot support stp
bre move eng
bud support vie
bul support bla move rum
gal support boh move vie
gre move alb
hol hold
iri support bre move eng
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mun move boh
nth move eng
nwy support bar move stp
por hold
rum move sev
ser support bla move rum
sil move war
stp hold
swe hold
ven move tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
remove gal
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army rom
build Army smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move bla
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
ber move sil
boh move sil
bot move bal
bre support iri move eng
bud move tri
bul support ser
con hold
hol move ruh
ion move gre
iri move eng
kie move hol
lvp move iri
mar move gol
mun move boh
nth move eng
nwy support bar move stp
pie move tus
por move spa
pru move lvn
rom move ven
rum move sev
ser support bud move tri
smy move arm
stp hold
swe move bot
tri support rom move ven
tun move wes
ven support bud move tri
vie support bud move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp disband
tri move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move swe
ber support mun
bla move con
bot move swe
bul move ser
con move bul
gre move ion
hol move kie
iri move mid
mun hold
nth move lon
nwy support bot move swe
rom support tyr move ven
ruh move hol
ser move bud
sev move bla
tri support ven
tyr move ven
ven support tri
vie support tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
remove bal
remove boh
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
ber move sil
bla convoy ank move rum
bud support ser
bul move gre
con move aeg
hol move ruh
ion move adr
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mid support lon move eng
mun hold
rom support tyr move ven
ser support bud
sev support ank move rum
smy support con move aeg
tri support vie
tyr move ven
ven support tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ven move apu
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
apu move ven
bla move con
bud support rum move gal
eng move bre
gre move alb
hol move bel
iri move mid
mid move por
mun move bur
nwy support stp/nc
rom support tys move nap
ruh support hol move bel
rum move gal
ser support bud
sev hold
smy move eas
tri support adr move ven
tys move nap
ven support adr move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support ser move tri
bel move pic
bud support ser move tri
bur move par
con move aeg
eas move ion
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move war
gre support eas move ion
kie move hol
lon move bre via convoy
lvn move war
mid support lon move bre
mun move tyr
por move spa/sc
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sev hold
sil move boh
smy move eas
tri support vie
ven support adr move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support eas move ion
alb support tri
boh move tyr
bre move gas
bud move vie
eas move ion
eng move bre
gal support bud move vie
gre support eas move ion
hol move nth
ion move tun
lvn move stp
mid move spa/sc
mos support lvn move stp
mun move bur
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
por support mid move spa
swe move nwy
tri support bud move vie
tyr move pie
ven support adr move tri
vie hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
spa move mar
stp/nc disband
vie disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet ank
build Fleet ber
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
remove gol
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
remove tus
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move apu via convoy
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bur move bel
con move bul
eng move lon
gal move war
gas move par
gre move alb
ion convoy alb move apu
kie move den
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap support rom
nth move edi
nwy hold
par support mun move bur
pie move ven
por move mid
rom support ven
sev move mos
smy move eas
spa/sc move por
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support vie
tun move tys
tyr move mun
ven support rom
vie support tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
apu support ion move nap
bel move yor via convoy
bul move ser
bur move mar
den move swe
eas move ion
edi move nth
eng move bre
fin move stp
gas move bre
gre hold
ion move nap
kie move hol
lon move eng
mid support gas move bre
mos support war
mun hold
nap support rom
nth convoy bel move yor
nwy move stp
par move bre
pie support bur move mar
por move spa/sc
rom support nap
stp move lvn
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tys support ion move nap
ven hold
vie hold
war support mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove den
build Army smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move arm
apu support tri move ven
bla convoy con move rum
con move rum via convoy
edi move nth
eng move lon
fin move stp
gre move ion
hol move bel
ion move tun
lvn move stp
mid move iri
mar move spa
mos support war
mun support pie move tyr
nap move rom
nth support eng move lon
nwy support lvn move stp
par hold
pie move tyr
rom support ven
ser move tri
smy move con
tri move ven
tys support nap move rom
ven support rom
vie move tyr
war support mos
yor move lvp
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
rom disband
ven disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move rom
bel move eng
bla convoy con move rum
con move rum via convoy
eng move bre
ion move tun
iri move mid
lvp move edi
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move sil
nth support lvp move edi
nwy move swe
par support eng move bre
rom move tys
rum move gal
spa/sc move wes
swe move bal
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tyr move vie
tys move gol
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army/dislodged bre
Germany: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre disband
edi disband
tyr move mun
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy swe move lvn
ber move pru
bla convoy con move rum
con move rum via convoy
fin move nwy
gal support vie move boh
ion move tun
kie move ber
gol support tun move wes
mid move eng
mos support war
mun support sil
naf support tun move wes
par move bur
rom move tus
rum move ukr
sil support mun
smy move con
stp support swe move lvn
swe move lvn via convoy
tun move wes
tyr support vie move boh
tys support rom move tus
ven support tyr
vie move boh
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move swe
ber support mun
bla convoy con move sev
boh support gal
bur move mar
con move sev via convoy
eng move lon
gal support war
lon move nth
lvn move mos
gol support tus move pie
mid move eng
mos support war
mun support ber
naf support wes move mid
nth support eng move lon
pie support bur move mar
pru support sil move war
rum move bud
sil move war
spa/sc move por
stp support lvn move mos
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr support boh
tys move tus
ukr support mos
ven support tyr
war support mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
lon disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army lvp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support kie move mun
bla move con
boh support tyr
bre support lon move eng
bud move tri
eng move iri
gal support war
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvn support sil move war
gol support pie move mar
mid support wes move spa
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move bur
nth support swe move nwy
pie move mar
pru support sil move war
sev support mos
sil move war
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tus move tys
tyr support boh
ukr support war
ven move pie
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army/dislodged nwy
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
mar move gas
nwy move fin
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ber support mun
boh support gal
bre move mid
bur move mar
con move aeg
eng move iri
fin move swe
gal support war
gas move spa
iri support lvp
lvn support stp
gol support spa/sc
mid move por
mar hold
mos support war
mun support sil
naf move mid
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pie support mar
por hold
pru support sil
sev support mos
sil support pru
spa/sc support mid move por
stp support lvn
tri support tyr
tyr support boh
tys move wes
ukr support war
war support mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
