PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc hold
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
bla move sev
bul move gre
con move bul
gal move vie
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
nap move tun via convoy
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
rum support con move bul
ser support bul move gre
spa move por
stp/sc move bot
tri move vie
tyr move boh
ukr move gal
ven hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move arm
bar support nwy move stp
bel hold
ber move pru
boh move sil
bot move stp/sc
bre move mid
bul support sev move rum
con move bla
den move swe
edi move nth
gal move bud
gre support bul
hol hold
ion convoy tun move alb
kie move den
mar move bur
nap move apu
nth move ska
nwy move stp
par move pic
por move spa
ser move bud
sev move rum
smy move con
spa/sc move mar
tri move ven
tun move alb via convoy
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move tri
apu move ven
arm support con move sev
bar move nrg
bel move hol
bla convoy con move sev
bul support rum
bur move ruh
con move sev
den move swe
gal move war
hol hold
ion move adr
mid convoy spa move bre
mar hold
nth support bel move hol
pic move bur
pru move war
ser support vie move tri
sil move mun
ska support nth
spa move bre via convoy
stp hold
swe move den
tyr support alb move tri
ukr move sev
ven move rom
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move kie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army lon
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
remove ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu support tyr move ven
arm move sev
bla move con
bot move stp/sc
bre move pic
bul support gre move ser
bur move mun
den hold
gal move bud
gre move ser
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie move hel
lon move yor
mid move wes
mar move gol
mun move boh
nth move den
nrg move nth
par move bur
pru move ber
rom support adr move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bla
ser move bud
sev move rum
ska support nth move den
smy move aeg
stp hold
swe support den
tri support adr move ven
tyr move ven
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ser
apu move nap
ber support den move kie
bla move rum
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bul support aeg move gre
bur support mun
con move aeg
den move kie
gal move war
hel move hol
kie hold
gol move tys
mun hold
nap move tys
nth move den
nrg move nth
pic move bel
rom move nap
ruh support kie
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move mos
ska support nth move den
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support ven
vie move bud
wes move tun
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
den disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove apu
remove bot
build Army con
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove swe
remove tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ser
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support bul move rum
boh move mun
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
den support ber move kie
gre move alb
hol support ber move kie
kie support bel move hol
lon hold
gol move tys
mar move gol
mos move war
mun hold
nap support aeg move ion
nth move bel
par move bur
rom move nap
ruh support bel move hol
rum move gal
ser support gre move alb
ska move swe
smy move aeg
stp hold
tri move adr
tun support gol move tys
ven move apu
vie move bud
yor hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army/dislodged alb
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
hol move hel
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
alb move tri
apu support adr move ion
boh move mun
bud support tri
bul move gre
bur move bel
den support kie
gal support rum move bud
hel move hol
hol hold
ion move adr
kie support hel move hol
gol move spa/sc
mos move war
mun move kie
nap move tys
nth move eng
par move pic
rom move nap
ruh support hol
rum move bud
ser support alb move tri
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri support bud
tun move tys
tys move tus
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move vie
ion move alb
tri move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
remove vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
bel move ruh
boh move sil
bre support spa/sc move mid
bud move vie
con move aeg
den move bal
eng move bre
gal support mos move war
gre move ser
hel move hol
hol support ruh move kie
ion move nap
kie support hel move hol
lon hold
mos move war
mun support ruh move kie
nap hold
nwy move nth
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh move kie
ser move tri
smy move eas
spa/sc move mid
stp move fin
tri move adr
tun move tys
tus support tun move tys
yor hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move ber
nap disband
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move gre
alb move adr
bal support ber move kie
bel support hol
ber move kie
bla move sev
bre move eng
eas move aeg
eng move bel
gal move war
hel support ber move kie
hol support kie
ion move apu
kie hold
lon hold
mid support bre move eng
mun support kie
nap support apu move rom
nth support eng move bel
ruh support kie
ser move rum
sil move mun
tri support adr move ven
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie hold
war move mos
yor hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
ven move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove apu
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove hel
build Fleet lvp
remove nap
build Fleet smy
remove tus
remove ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
ank move smy
bal move den
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre move eng
con move bul
eng move bel
fin hold
gal move boh
gre support aeg move ion
hol support eng move bel
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon hold
lvp move iri
mid support bre move eng
mun support kie move ber
nth support bel move hol
pic support eng move bel
rom hold
ruh move kie
rum move bud
sev move bla
sil move mun
smy move eas
tri move ven
tus move pie
tys support rom
ven move apu
vie move tyr
war support sil
yor support lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu support smy move nap
bel support ruh move hol
ber move kie
bla hold
boh support sil move mun
bud move tri
bul move ser
den support ber move kie
eas convoy smy move nap
eng move nth
fin move swe
gre support ion
hol support ber move kie
ion support apu move nap
iri move eng
kie hold
lon hold
mid move iri
mun support kie
nth support hol
pic move bre
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh move hol
sil move mun
smy move nap via convoy
tun move tys
tyr support sil move mun
tys move wes
ven move rom
war move sil
yor hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
hol move hel
kie move ruh
mun move bur
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
remove rom
remove wes
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
apu move nap
bel support eng move nth
ber support mun
boh support mun
bre move gas
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
den support kie
eng move nth
gre move ion
hel move hol
hol move kie
ion move tys
iri move eng
kie support hel move hol
lon hold
mid move eng
mar move spa
nth support hel move hol
ruh move mun
ser move gre
sil support ber
smy move syr
swe hold
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr support mun
ven move pie
yor hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
nth move nwy
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel support nth move hol
ber move kie
bla hold
boh support mun
bul move gre
bur support pie move mar
den support nwy move nth
eas support ion
gas move spa
gre move apu via convoy
hol support nwy move nth
ion convoy gre move apu
iri move eng
kie move ruh
lon hold
mid move por
mun support kie move ruh
nap move rom
nth move hol
nwy move nth
pie move mar
ruh support nth move hol
sil support ber
swe hold
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ven move pie
wes support gas move spa
yor hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
