PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move mun
mid move por
nth support ruh move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel hold
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur support tyr move mun
con support ank move bla
gal move rum
hol support bel
kie move ruh
lvp move iri
mun hold
nap support tun move ion
nth move eng
nrg move nth
pic move bel
por move spa/nc
rum support bud move gal
sev support gal move rum
smy move eas
swe move nwy
tun move ion
tyr move mun
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tyr
vie support bud move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ber
rum move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
ber move mun
bla move sev
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move bel
con move aeg
eas support con move aeg
gal move bud
hol move bel
ion support eas move aeg
iri move mid
kie support ber move mun
mun support tyr
nap support ion
nth move eng
nrg move nth
pic support bur move bel
ruh support ber move mun
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
sev move arm
spa/nc support bre move mid
swe move den
tri support vie move tyr
tyr support mun
ukr move sev
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
tyr move ven
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move ank
bla convoy rum move ank
boh move tyr
bre support spa/nc move mid
bud hold
bul move rum
eas move ion
eng move bel
gal support ukr move rum
gre support aeg move ion
hol support eng move bel
ion hold
iri move wal
kie move den
mid move nat
mun hold
nap move apu
nth support kie move den
par move bur
pic support bel
ruh support eng move bel
rum move ank via convoy
ser move tri
sev support ukr move rum
spa/nc move mid
stp move fin
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr move rum
ven hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move swe
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ven
arm move ank
bel support nth move eng
bla move rum
boh move vie
bre support mid move eng
bud support bul move rum
bul support bla move rum
con move ank
den hold
eas move ion
fin support swe
gal support rum
gre support eas move ion
hol support bel
ion hold
mid move eng
mun support ruh move bur
nat move iri
nth move eng
pic support bur
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven hold
wal move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
remove ser
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ven
arm move ank
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla move rum
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul support bla move rum
bur support pic move bel
con move ank
den hold
fin support swe
gal move bud
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion move apu
iri support bre move eng
lon move yor
mid support bre move eng
mun support ruh move bur
nap support tun move ion
nth move eng
pic move bel
ruh move bur
rum support gal move bud
sev move bla
swe support fin
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
tyr support bud move vie
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bur move mar
ion move gre
rum move sev
tri move ser
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move adr
arm move ank
bel move eng
bla support arm move ank
bud support sev move rum
bul support rum
bur move gas
con move bla
den move swe
eng move wal
ion move eas
iri support mid move eng
kie move bal
lvp move iri
mid move eng
mun hold
nap move ion
nth support bel move eng
pic move par
rum support con move bla
ser move bud
sev move rum
sil move war
tri support bud
ven support tri
vie support ser move bud
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army kie
build Army smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank support bla move con
bal move swe
bla move con
bud move rum
bul move rum
con support rum move bla
den support bal move swe
eas move aeg
eng move iri
fin support swe
gas move par
gre move aeg
ion support eas move aeg
iri support wal move lvp
kie move mun
lon move wal
mid move bre
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth move eng
par move pic
rum move bla
ser support vie move bud
sev move mos
smy move ank
swe support fin
tri support ven move tyr
ven move tyr
vie move bud
wal move lvp
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bla move arm
bud move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
alb support ion move gre
arm support ank
bal support nwy move swe
bla move arm
bre support iri move eng
bud support ser move tri
bul support gre
bur move mar
con move aeg
den support nwy move swe
eng move iri
fin move nwy
gal move bud
gre support aeg move ion
ion move gre
iri move eng
lon move wal
lvp support lon move wal
mun hold
nth move bel
nwy move swe
par hold
pic move bel
ser move tri
sev move rum
smy support bla move arm
spa move mar
swe support fin move nwy
tri support gal move bud
tyr move vie
wal support iri move eng
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet/dislodged arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
France: fleet/dislodged wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
eng move lon
swe move bot
wal move iri
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove gre
remove iri
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
alb support ion move gre
ank move bla
arm move bla
bal support swe
ber move mun
bot move swe
bre move pic
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move pic
con support arm move bla
den support swe
gal move bud
ion move gre
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mun move bur
nth move bel
nwy support bot move swe
par support bur move pic
pic move par
rum support gal move bud
ser move gre
sev support rum
smy move ank
spa move mar
tri support vie move bud
ven move tyr
vie move bud
wal move yor
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
alb move ion
ank support sev move bla
bal support swe
bel support lon move eng
bla convoy bul move ank
bot move swe
bud support tri move ser
bul move ank via convoy
bur move mun
con support bul move ank
den support swe
eng move mid
gal move bud
gre move bul/sc
iri move mid
lon move eng
mar move gas
mun move boh
nwy support bot move swe
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
rum support gal move bud
ser hold
sev move bla
smy support bul move ank
tri move ser
tyr move mun
war hold
yor move wal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bla move arm
bud move vie
eng move nth
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc
ank support bla move con
arm move ank
bal move kie
bel move nth
bla move con
boh hold
bot support nwy move swe
bre move gas
bud support rum move ser
bul/sc support ion move gre
bur support bre move gas
con support arm move ank
den support swe
eng support bel move nth
gas move spa
ion move gre
iri move mid
mar move gas
mun support boh
nwy move swe
par support bre move gas
rum move ser
ser move gre
smy support arm move ank
tri move alb
tyr move pie
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
wal move lvp
war hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nth move hol
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move ser
ank support con move bla
bla move bul/ec
boh support mun
bot move swe
bud support ser
bul/sc support aeg move con
bur move mar
con move bla
den support swe
eng move bel
gas support mid move spa
gre support bul/sc
kie move hol
lvp move yor
mid move spa/sc
mun support boh
nth support kie move hol
nwy support bot move swe
par move bur
pie support mar
ser support bud
smy move con
spa move por
tri support alb move ser
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
France: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move sev
hol move hel
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet rom
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
ank move con
bel move eng
bla support ank move con
boh move sil
bot move swe
bul/sc move con
bur move mar
den support swe
gas support bur move mar
gre move ion
hol move kie
lon move nth
mar support por move spa
mun move tyr
nth move nrg
nwy support bot move swe
par move bur
pie support mar
por move spa
rom move tys
ser support tri move bud
sev move rum
smy support ank move con
spa/sc support bur move mar
stp support nwy
tri move bud
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc
bla move bul/ec
bot move swe
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc hold
bur move mar
con support bla move bul
den move swe
eng move mid
gal support mos move war
gas support bur move mar
ion move tun
kie move bal
mos move war
mun hold
nth support swe move nwy
nrg support swe move nwy
nwy support bot move swe
pie support mar
ser move rum
sil support war
smy support con
spa/sc support bur move mar
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
tyr move boh
tys move gol
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move fin
rum move sev
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bot
remove fin
build Fleet lon
build Fleet rom
remove sev
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc
bal move bot
ber support sil
bla move bul/ec
boh support bud move gal
bud move gal
bul/sc hold
con move smy
den move swe
gal support mos move war
gas support mar
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar hold
mos move war
mun hold
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move fin
par move bur
pie support ven move tyr
por move spa
rom move tys
rum support bud move gal
sil support war
smy move ank
spa/sc support mid move por
tun move wes
ven move tyr
vie support boh
war hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
ank move arm
bar support fin move stp
ber support sil
bla move con
boh move sil
bot convoy swe move lvn
bul/sc move con
bur support mun
eng move iri
fin move stp
gal support boh move sil
gas support mar
gol support wes move spa
mid support spa/sc move por
mar hold
mos move sev
mun hold
nth move eng
nwy support fin move stp
pie move mar
por support wes move spa
rum move sev
sil support war
smy support bla move con
spa/sc move por
swe move lvn via convoy
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move mos
vie move boh
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
arm move sev
bar move nrg
ber support sil
bla move con
boh support vie move gal
bul/sc move con
bur support mun
eng support iri move mid
gal move ukr
gas support por move spa
iri move mid
lvn move mos
lvp move nat
gol support spa/sc move mar
mid move naf
mar support por move spa
mos support ukr
mun support sil move boh
nap move ion
nwy move swe
pie support spa/sc move mar
por move spa/sc
rum support gal move ukr
sil move boh
smy support bla move con
spa/sc move mar
stp support lvn move mos
tyr support boh
ukr support mos
vie move gal
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
ber move sil
bla move con
boh support gal
bot convoy swe move lvn
bul/sc move con
bur support mun
gal support boh
gas support spa/sc
ion move tun
gol support mar
mid move wes
mar hold
mos support war
mun hold
naf support mid move wes
nat move mid
nrg move nat
pie support mar
rum support ukr move sev
sev support war move ukr
sil move gal
smy support bla move con
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp support mos
swe move lvn via convoy
tyr support boh
ukr move sev
war support sil move gal
wes support ion move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
sev disband
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc
ber move sil
bla move sev
boh support gal
bot move bal
bul/sc support aeg
bur support spa/sc move mar
con support smy
gal support rum move ukr
gas support spa/sc move mar
kie support mun
lvn support war
gol move wes
mid move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun support sil move boh
naf move tun
nat move mid
nap move ion
pie support mar
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil move boh
smy support con
spa/sc move mar
stp support mos
tun support gol move wes
tyr support boh
tys support gol move wes
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
Italy: fleet/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move den
ber support sil
bla move bul/ec
boh support gal
bul/sc support aeg move con
bur support mar
con support bla move bul
gal support boh
gas support spa/sc
ion move eas
kie support mun
lvn support war
gol support wes
mid support naf move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos move sev
mun hold
naf move wes
pie move mar
sev hold
sil support war move gal
smy move aeg
spa/sc support naf move wes
stp support mos
tun move naf
tyr support boh
tys support wes
ukr move rum
war move gal
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
remove tys
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
ber support sil
bla move con
boh support gal
bul/sc move con
bur support mar
con move aeg
den move nth
eas move smy
eng move mid
gal support boh
gas support spa/sc
kie support mun
lvn support war
lvp move iri
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos move ukr
mun hold
naf support wes move mid
pie move mar
rum move bul
sev hold
sil move gal
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp move mos
tyr support boh
war support mos move ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ber support sil
bla support con move bul
boh support gal
bul/sc move con
bur support mar
con move bul/sc
eas support aeg move smy
eng convoy lon move pic
gal support sev move ukr
gas support spa/sc
iri support mid
kie move mun
lon move pic via convoy
lvn support war
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos support ukr
mun move boh
naf support wes
nth hold
pie move mar
rum support gal
sev move ukr
sil support ukr move gal
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mar
tyr support boh
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul/sc move gre
gal move bud
smy disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove nth
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
bla support con move bul
boh move vie
bud support rum
bul/sc move aeg
bur move bel
con move bul/sc
eas move aeg
gal support sil move boh
gas support mar
gre move bul/sc
iri support mid
kie support mun
lon move nth
lvn move mos
gol support wes
mid support spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos move ukr
mun support sil move boh
naf support wes
pic move bur
pie move mar
sil move boh
smy support eas move aeg
spa/sc support mar
tyr support boh move vie
ukr move sev
war support gal
wes support gol
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
bel hold
bla move rum
boh move vie
bud move gal
bul/sc move aeg
bur move mar
con support bul/sc move aeg
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move mid
gal support boh move vie
gas support spa/sc
gre move bul/sc
iri support eng move mid
kie move mun
gol support wes
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf support wes
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie support tyr
rum support sev
sil move boh
smy move con
spa/sc support mar move gol
tyr support vie
ukr support mos move sev
vie support bud move gal
war support gal
wes support gol
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
Italy: army/dislodged sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tys
sev move arm
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move ank
bel move bur
bla support ukr move rum
boh support mun
bud support rum
bul/sc support smy move con
con move ank
gal support ukr move rum
gas move mar
iri support mid
kie support mun
lvp move wal
gol convoy mar move tus
mid support spa/sc
mar move tus via convoy
mun support boh
nwy move stp
pie support tyr
sev support ukr move rum
sil support gal
smy move con
spa/sc support gol
tyr support pie
tys support wes move gol
ukr move rum
vie move gal
war support gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move aeg
rum move ser
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move smy
ber support mun
bla move ank
boh move vie
bud move gal
bul/sc move con
bur move mar
con move ank
eng support iri move mid
gal support rum
ion move gre
iri move mid
kie support mun
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move tyr
naf move tun
pie move ven
ser move rum
sev support rum
sil support boh
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp move mos
tus support mar move pie
tyr support pie move ven
tys move rom
vie support bud move gal
war support gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support mun
boh support mun move tyr
bud move rum
bul/sc move con
con move ank
eng move mid
gal move bud
gre move ion
kie move mun
gol support tus
mid move naf
mar support pie
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nth move eng
pie support mun move tyr
rom move tus
rum support gal move bud
ser move gre
sev support rum
sil support boh
smy move con
spa/sc support wes
tun support tys
tyr move pie
tys support rom move tus
ven support rom move tus
vie move tyr
war support gal
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move tri
tyr disband
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move bla
ber move pru
boh move vie
bud support boh move vie
bul/sc move con
gre move bul/sc
gol move tys
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar support pie
mun support tyr
naf support wes move tun
pie move ven
rum support bud
ser support vie move bud
sev move arm
sil support boh
smy move arm
spa/sc move wes
tri support vie move bud
tun move wes
tus move gol
tyr support boh move vie
tys support tus move gol
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet/dislodged gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move spa/sc
tun move ion
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove gol
remove smy
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
ber move sil
bla convoy ank move rum
bud support tri move vie
bul/sc move gre
con move bul/ec
gal move bud
gre move ion
ion move nap
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move pie
mun support tyr
naf support tun
pie move tus
pru move war
rum support gal move bud
ser support ank move rum
sev support rum
sil move boh
spa/sc move gol
tri move vie
tun support wes move tys
tyr move tri
tys move tus
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
vie support gal move bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tys move rom
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
ber move sil
bla convoy ank move rum
boh support vie
bud support ank move rum
bul/ec support ank move rum
edi move nwy via convoy
eng convoy wal move spa
gal move bud
gre move aeg
ion move tys
gol move tus
mid convoy wal move spa
mar move pie
mun support tyr
naf move wes
nap support ion move tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move ven
rom support ion move tys
rum support gal move bud
ser support ank move rum
sev support rum
sil move war
tri support ven
tun support tys move ion
tyr support pie move ven
tys move ion
ukr support rum
ven support tri
vie move tri
wal move spa via convoy
war move gal
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: fleet/dislodged tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move gol
ven move apu
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army kie
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu support tri move ven
ber move sil
bla move ank
boh move vie
bud move rum
bul/ec support bud move rum
gal move bud
kie move ber
gol move tys
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nwy move stp
pie support ven
rom move tys
ser move gre
sev move arm
sil move mun
tri move ven
tun support gol move tys
tus support gol move tys
tyr move tri
tys support tun move ion
ukr move sev
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war move gal
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
England: army/dislodged rum
England: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ser
tri move alb
tys disband
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
England: supply rum
England: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
