PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul hold
con move smy
den hold
edi move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh support nth move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
spa hold
ukr move rum
ven move pie
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
con move aeg
den hold
edi move bel via convoy
hol support edi move bel
kie move hel
lon move eng
mar move gas
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move bel
nwy hold
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
ruh support mun move bur
rum support bul
ser move rum
sev support rum
smy move arm
spa move gas
stp hold
swe hold
tri move ven
tun move wes
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bel support nth move hol
bla support arm move sev
bud move vie
bul support aeg move gre
eng support bel
gal move rum
gre support aeg move ion
hel move nth
hol move ruh
ion move adr
mar move spa
mun support ruh move bur
nth move hol
nwy move ska
par move gas
pic move bur
pie move ven
por support spa
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
sev support gal move rum
spa hold
stp move mos
swe hold
tri move vie
tys move ion
ukr support sev
ven hold
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion move alb
alb move adr
ank move arm
bel support hol
bla support sev
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move bul
den hold
edi move nrg
eng support lon move nth
gal support rum
gas support spa move mar
gre support ion move alb
hol support bel
ion move alb
lon move nth
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move kie
pic move par
pie move tus
por move mid
ruh support bur move bel
rum support mos move sev
sev move mos
ska support swe move den
spa move mar
swe move den
tri move ven
ukr support mos move sev
ven move rom
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: fleet/dislodged alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
arm move sev
bel support nth move hol
bla support arm move sev
bud support tri
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den support hol move kie
eng support bel
gal support rum
gas move bre
gre move ion
hol move kie
kie support ruh move hol
mid move wes
mar hold
nth move hol
nrg move bar
par move bre
pie support tus move ven
rom support ven
ruh move hol
rum move ser
sev support rum
ska move swe
tri support ven
tus move ven
tyr support ven
ukr support sev
ven support tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ber
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
remove alb
build Fleet bre
remove bur
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move rum
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla convoy arm move rum
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support gre move ser
den move nth
edi move nrg
eng move bel
gal move rum
gas move mar
gre move ser
ion move adr
kie move den
lon move eng
mar move pie
nth support bel move hol
par move bre
pie move tus
rom move nap
ruh support ber move kie
ser move rum
sev support gal move rum
stp move nwy
swe support kie move den
tri support ven
tus move rom
tyr move mun
ukr support sev
vie move bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
ser move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
alb move gre
arm move bul
bal support nwy move swe
bel move hol
bla convoy arm move bul
bre move par
bud move ser
bul move gre
den support hol move kie
eng move bel
kie support ruh move mun
mid move wes
mar move pie
nth support den
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move ven
rom support tus move ven
ruh move mun
rum support bud move ser
ser move tri
sev support rum
stp/nc support nrg move nwy
swe support den
tri support ven
tun hold
tus move ven
ukr support sev
vie support tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move tyr
swe move ska
ven move apu
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet ber
build Army bre
build Fleet con
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
apu support tyr move ven
arm move bul
bal support kie move den
bel support hol
ber hold
bla convoy arm move bul
bre hold
bul move gre
con move aeg
den support ska move swe
eng move nth
hol move kie
kie move den
mar move pie
mun support ber
nth move hel
nwy support ska move swe
par move bur
pie move tus
rom support ven move apu
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
ska move swe
stp/nc hold
swe support kie move den
tri support tyr move ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
ukr support sev
ven move apu
vie move bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army/dislodged apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army/dislodged swe
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
den move ska
swe move fin
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support gre move bul
apu support rom move nap
arm move ank
bal move swe
bel hold
ber support mun move kie
bla move con
bre move par
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
bur move ruh
den support mun move kie
fin support bal move swe
gre move bul
hel support kie
ion support tys move nap
kie hold
mun move kie
nap support ven move rom
nth support ska move den
nwy support swe
pie move ven
rom move nap
rum support bul
sev support rum
ska move den
stp/nc support nwy
swe hold
tri move alb
tus support pie move ven
tys move nap
ukr support sev
ven move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
remove bal
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ank move con
alb move adr
ank move con
bel support edi move hol
ber move kie
bul move ser
con move bla
den support kie
edi move hol via convoy
fin move stp
gre move alb
hel support kie
ion support gre move alb
kie hold
lon move eng
mar move pie
mun support ber move kie
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy hold
par move bur
rom support tys move nap
ruh move mun
rum support sev
ser move bud
sev support rum
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri move adr
tus support rom
tyr move vie
tys move nap
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army/dislodged nap
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap move apu
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ser
apu move ven
bel hold
ber support mun move kie
bla move rum
bud move tri
bur move mun
con move bul
den move bal
eng move mid
fin move stp
hel hold
hol support kie
ion support nap
kie hold
mos support fin move stp
mun move kie
nap support rom move apu
nth move den
nwy support stp/nc
pie move ven
rom move apu
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev move rum
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri support pie move ven
tus move rom
tyr support tri
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
remove ber
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support tri
bal move ber
bel hold
bla support con move bul
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
den hold
fin move stp
hel support kie
hol hold
ion move adr
kie support bal move ber
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support fin move stp
mun move boh
nap move ion
nwy support stp/nc
par move bur
pie move tus
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev hold
sil move war
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri hold
tyr support tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move gre
alb move ser
bel move eng
ber move bal
bla support bul
boh move vie
bud support vie
bul support alb move ser
bur move mun
den move nth
fin move stp
hel hold
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move ber
mid move wes
mos support fin move stp
mun move boh
nwy support stp/nc
pie move ven
rum support ser move bul
ser move rum
sev support rum
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri move alb
tus move rom
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie hold
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove fin
build Army lon
build Army mar
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support gre move ion
ank move arm
bal hold
ber move pru
bla support bul move rum
boh move tyr
bud support vie
bul move rum
bur move mun
eng move mid
gre move ion
hel move den
kie move ber
lon hold
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth hold
nwy move bar
rom move nap
rum move bul
ser support bul move rum
sev move arm
stp/nc hold
swe move bot
tri move bud
tun support wes move tys
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie support bud
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: fleet/dislodged tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
tys move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support ion
ank move arm
bal hold
bar support stp/nc
ber move sil
bla support rum
boh support tyr move vie
bot hold
bud support vie
bur move mun
den hold
ion support alb
lon move nwy via convoy
mid move wes
mos support ukr move war
mun move sil
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move nwy
pie move ven
pru support ber move sil
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev hold
stp/nc hold
tri support ser move bud
tun hold
tus move gol
tyr move vie
tys move rom
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie support bud
war move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move gal
vie move gal
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove lvn
build Army mar
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb hold
ank move con
arm move sev
bal move lvn
bar support stp/nc
bla support arm move sev
boh move gal
bot support nwy move fin
bud move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
den hold
ion move gre
gol hold
mar move bur
mos support war
mun support tyr move boh
nap move rom
nth hold
nwy move fin
pru move war
rum move ukr
sev move rum
sil support pru move war
stp/nc hold
tri hold
tun move naf
tyr move boh
tys move tun
ven move tyr
vie support boh move gal
war hold
wes hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support gre move ion
bar support fin move stp
bla move rum
boh move gal
bot support fin move stp
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur hold
con move bul
den hold
fin move stp
gal move ukr
gre move ion
ion move tys
lvn hold
gol hold
mos support war
mun move boh
naf move mid
nth hold
pru support sil move war
rom move tus
ruh hold
sev support ukr move mos
sil move war
stp/nc move nwy
tri hold
tun hold
tyr support mun move boh
ukr move mos
vie hold
war support mos
wes hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
