PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
ion move tun
mid move por
mar move spa
nap move apu
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
pic move bel
pru move ber
ruh move hol
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
stp move nwy
tyr move mun
vie move tri
war hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army smy
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con move bla
apu move ven
bel hold
ber support kie move mun
bot move swe
bre hold
bud move gal
bul move rum
con move bla
den move swe
gre move bul/sc
hol hold
kie move mun
lon move nth
mar move bur
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move fin
par move pic
por hold
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev move bla
smy move arm
spa move mar
stp move fin
tri move tyr
tun move wes
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move sev
bar move stp/nc
bel support nth move hol
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
bot support stp
bre move mid
bul/sc move gre
den move swe
gal move war
hol hold
lon move nth
lvn move mos
mar move pie
mun hold
nth move nrg
nwy move fin
pic move bur
pie move mar
por hold
ruh move hol
rum support arm move sev
sev move rum
spa hold
stp support lvn move mos
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move gol
ukr support gal move war
wes move mid
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
remove bot
build Army bud
remove ruh
build Fleet tri
remove wes
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
bar support fin move stp
bel move hol
ber hold
bla convoy ank move rum
bre move mid
bud move gal
bur support spa move mar
con move aeg
fin move stp
gre move ion
hol hold
kie move den
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun hold
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pie move ven
por move spa/sc
rum move gal
sev support ukr move mos
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tus move rom
tyr support mar move pie
ukr move mos
ven support mar move pie
vie move boh
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
pie move tus
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bar move nwy
bel support nth move hol
ber move mun
bla move rum
boh move gal
bud move ser
bur move ruh
den support swe
hol hold
ion move gre
lvn move pru
mid move wes
mar move bur
mun move bur
nth move hol
nwy move ska
pie support ven
rom support tus move ven
rum move ukr
spa/sc move gol
stp support mos
swe hold
tus move ven
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ven hold
war support boh move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move kie
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
remove pru
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bel support mar move bur
ber support kie
den support swe
edi move nth
gal move ukr
gre support ser move bul
hol move hel
kie support mun move ruh
gol move tys
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nwy support ska move swe
pie move tus
rom support tus move ven
ruh move hol
rum move bul/ec
ser move bul
sev move mos
ska move swe
smy move aeg
swe support den
tri move bud
tun move wes
tus move ven
ven support pie move tus
war support gal move ukr
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move bul/sc
bel move ruh
ber move mun
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur support bel move ruh
den hold
gre move aeg
hel support nth move den
hol move kie
kie move hol
lvn move war
mos support lvn move war
nth move den
nwy support ska move swe
rom support ven
ruh support kie move hol
rum support aeg move bul
sev support rum
ska move swe
smy move con
stp support war move mos
swe move nwy
tus support tri move ven
tys support wes move tun
ukr move sev
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mos move lvn
swe move bal
tun move ion
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support con move bul
bal move ber
bud support ukr move rum
bul support ukr move rum
bur move mun
con move bul/sc
den move kie
edi move nth
gre support bul
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
ion move nap
kie support mun move ruh
lvn move mos
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nwy move swe
par move bur
ruh support bur move mun
rum support con move bul
sev support lvn move mos
swe move den
tri move alb
tun move ion
tus hold
tys support tun move ion
ukr move rum
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
mos move ukr
mun move boh
rum move bla
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support con move bul
ber move kie
bla move rum
boh move mun
bud support rum
bul support gre
bur support ruh move bel
con move bul/sc
den support hel move kie
gre support bul
hel move kie
hol hold
ion support tys move nap
kie move ber
lon move nwy via convoy
gol move tys
mos support war
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy lon move nwy
rom support nap
ruh move bel
rum support ukr move sev
sev support bla move rum
stp move mos
swe move bal
tri move ven
tus move rom
tys move nap
ukr move sev
ven support rom
war support mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ven move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army par
remove pie
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support bla move bul
bal move ber
bel support hol
ber move kie
bla move bul/ec
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur move mun
con support bla move bul
den move swe
gre support bul
hol support bel
ion move adr
kie support bal move ber
lon move den via convoy
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nap hold
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move stp
par move bur
rum support ukr move sev
sev move rum
stp move lvn
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ukr move sev
ven support adr move apu
vie support bud move gal
war support mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ber disband
bul move ser
sev move arm
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
aeg support bul/ec
apu move adr
arm move sev
bel support hol
ber support den move kie
bul/ec move rum
bur move mun
con support bul/ec
den move kie
gal move boh
gre move alb
hel move nth
hol support bel
kie move hel
lvn support stp move mos
mos support arm move sev
mun move boh
nap support tys move ion
nth move nrg
pie move ven
rom support pie move ven
rum support sev
ser move tri
sev support rum
stp move mos
swe move bot
tyr support pie move ven
tys move ion
ven move tyr
vie support gal move boh
war support mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move apu
aeg move eas
alb support tri
apu move adr
arm move sev
bel support hol
ber move bal
boh move tyr
bot support stp
bul/ec move con
bur move mun
con move aeg
hol support bel
ion support nap move apu
kie move ber
lon move den via convoy
lvn move mos
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move boh
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move den
par move bur
rom support ven
rum move ser
stp support lvn move mos
tri support tus move ven
tus move ven
tyr support mun move boh
ven hold
vie support boh move tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
apu move adr
bal convoy den move pru
bel support hol
ber move sil
boh support mun move tyr
bot support stp
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move pru via convoy
eas support aeg move ion
hol support bel
ion support adr move alb
lvn move mos
mos support war
mun move tyr
nrg move nat
pie support rom move tus
rom move tus
ser move gre
stp support lvn move mos
tri support tus move ven
tus move ven
tyr move boh
ven hold
vie support tyr move boh
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army/dislodged boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
boh move gal
ion move nap
ven move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
ank move arm
apu support nap move ion
bal move den
bel support hol
boh support bud move gal
bot move lvn
bud move gal
eas support aeg move ion
gal move bud
gre move ser
hel move kie
hol support bel
ion move tun
lvn move mos
mos support war
mun support tyr
nat move mid
nap move ion
nth move eng
pie move gol
pru support sil move war
rom move ven
sev support mos
sil move war
stp support lvn move mos
tri support ven move tyr
tus support rom move ven
tyr hold
ven move tyr
vie support bud move gal
war support mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
gal move rum
ven move pie
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
alb support tri
apu move ion
bel move bur
boh move tyr
bot move bal
den move nth
eas move aeg
eng move mid
gal support ser move rum
hol move ruh
ion move tun
kie move hel
lvn move mos
gol move mar
mid move naf
mun move boh
nap support apu move ion
pie move ven
pru support war
rum move bul
ser move rum
sev support mos
stp support lvn move mos
tri support pie move ven
tun move wes
tus support ven
tyr move tri
ukr support mos
ven support tyr move tri
vie move bud
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army lon
build Army par
remove pie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move con
alb move gre
boh move sil
bud support tri move vie
bul hold
bur move mar
gal support boh move sil
ion move eas
lon move den via convoy
lvn support war
mid move wes
mar move spa/sc
mos support ukr
mun move sil
naf support mid move wes
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move den
par move gas
pru move sil
ruh move mun
rum move ser
sev support mos
stp move mos
tri move vie
tun support wes move tys
tus move rom
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support mos
ven move tri
war support pru move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
bal convoy den move ber
boh move tyr
bud support ser
bul move con
con move smy
den move ber via convoy
eas move smy
gal move rum
gas move mar
gre move bul/sc
hel move nth
lvn support war
mar move pie
mos support ukr
mun move boh
naf move tun
nap support rom
nth move eng
pru move sil
rom support nap
ruh move mun
ser support gre move bul
sev support mos
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tri hold
tun support tys
tyr support tri
tys support tun
ukr support mos
vie support boh move tyr
war support pru move sil
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move ven
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
ber move sil
boh support mun move tyr
bud support tyr move tri
bul/sc move gre
con move smy
eas move ion
eng move mid
lvn support war
gol move tys
mar hold
mos support ukr
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nap support gol move tys
par hold
pie move tus
rom hold
rum move gal
ser support tyr move tri
sev support mos
sil move gal
stp move mos
tri hold
tun support tys move ion
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr support mos
ven support tri
vie support rum move gal
war support sil move gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
ber move sil
boh move vie
bud support vie
eas support tys move ion
gre move alb
lvn move mos
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
nap support tys move ion
par hold
pie move tyr
rom hold
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev support mos
sil move gal
stp support lvn move mos
tri hold
tus support mar move pie
tyr support boh move vie
tys move ion
ukr move war
ven support tri
vie support rum move gal
war support sil move gal
wes support tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army lon
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move gre
ber move pru
boh move vie
bud support vie
con move aeg
eas move aeg
ion move gre
lon move den via convoy
lvn support stp move mos
naf move wes
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move den
par hold
pie hold
rom move nap
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev support mos
sil move gal
smy support con move aeg
stp move mos
tri hold
tun support ion
tus move rom
tyr support boh move vie
ukr support mos
ven support tri
vie support ser move tri
war move ukr
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion move alb
aeg move eas
alb move gre
bal convoy den move ber
boh support sil move gal
bud support vie
den move ber via convoy
eas support nap move ion
ion move alb
lvn move mos
nap move ion
par hold
pie move mar
pru support war
rom move nap
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev support mos
sil move gal
smy support aeg move eas
stp support lvn move mos
tri hold
tun support nap move ion
tus move rom
tyr support tri
ukr support mos
ven support tri
vie support rum move gal
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
eas move syr
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support ion move gre
ber move sil
boh move vie
bud move ser
eas move syr
gal move ukr
gre move aeg
ion move gre
lvn support war move mos
gol move tys
mar hold
nap support rom
par hold
pru move war
rom support nap
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev support ukr
smy support eas move syr
stp support war move mos
syr move eas
tri support boh move vie
tun move ion
tyr support boh move vie
ukr support mos
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move con
alb support gre
bud support rum move gal
bul support aeg move con
gal move ukr
gre hold
ion support gre
lvn move mos
mar move spa
mos move sev
nap support rom
par hold
rom support nap
rum move gal
ser support bud
sev support ukr
smy support syr move eas
stp support lvn move mos
syr move eas
tri support vie
tun support ion
tyr support tri
tys support ion
ukr support sev
ven support tri
vie support tri
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army/dislodged ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ukr move rum
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove gal
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support gre
bal move kie
bre support par
bud support lon move vie
bul move con
con move ank
eas move aeg
gre hold
ion move aeg
lvn move war
mar move gol
mos support ukr move sev
nap support rom
par support bre
rom support nap
rum support sev
ser support bud
sev support rum
sil move gal
smy support eas move aeg
spa hold
tri hold
tun support tys move ion
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move con
alb move gre
ank support con
bud move rum
con support ser move bul
gre move bul/sc
ion move eas
kie move hel
lvn move pru
mos move sev
nap support rom
par move bur
rom support nap
rum move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil move gal
smy support aeg move con
stp move mos
tri hold
tyr hold
tys move ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tyr
vie support sil move gal
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove arm
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
bre hold
bud move ser
bur move bel
con support ser move bul
gal support vie move bud
gre move aeg
lvp move iri
mar move spa/sc
mos move sev
nap support rom
pru move sil
rom support nap
rum move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
spa move por
tri support vie move bud
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tri
vie move bud
war support gal
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
arm move sev
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser move gre
con support bul
eas move smy
gal support rum
gre move bul/sc
rom move ven
ser move gre
sil move ber
smy move con
tri move ser
ukr support rum
ven move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: army gre
France: fleet/dislodged gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
smy move syr
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
remove syr
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
arm move sev
ber move kie
bul move con
con move ank
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support ukr move rum
gre move bul
lvp move nat
gol move tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
smy move con
tri move vie
ukr move rum
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move con
arm move bla
bul move con
gal move rum
nwy move stp
rum move bul
sev move arm
sil move gal
smy support bul move con
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
England: army con
England: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
build Army par
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
England: army con
England: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support gre
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla hold
bud support ser
con move ank
edi move cly
gre support aeg
lvp move nat
mar move bur
mun hold
nap hold
par move pic
por move spa
ser support bud
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
tys support adr move ion
ven move tyr
vie support bud
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
England: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
England: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
