PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move sil
bre move mid
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
par move gas
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven move tus
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu hold
bot move swe
bud move gal
bul move ser
con move bul
den hold
eng move bel
gas move bur
mid move por
nth hold
ruh hold
sev move rum
sil hold
stp move lvn
tri move adr
tus hold
ukr hold
vie move boh
wal move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
ank move arm
apu hold
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh move sil
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move hel
edi move nth
gal support boh move sil
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move stp
mar move gol
nap move ion
nth move nwy
par move bur
por move spa/sc
ruh move hol
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev move arm
sil move mun
spa move gas
swe move nwy
tus hold
ukr hold
war move lvn
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sil move ber
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move gre
ank move con
apu hold
bel move hol
ber move mun
bla move con
bul move ser
bur move mun
edi move nth
gal support sil move war
gas move mar
hel support ruh move hol
ion move adr
kie support ber move mun
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move pru
gol move tys
nth move hel
par move bur
ruh move hol
ser move tri
sev move arm
sil move war
spa/sc move wes
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tus move pie
ukr hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move rom
arm move sev
bel move hol
bur move ruh
con hold
edi move nth
fin move stp
gal support war move sil
gre move alb
hel move hol
ion move tun
kie support hel move hol
lon move bel via convoy
mar move pie
mun hold
nth move hel
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move ven
pru support ukr move war
ruh support hel move hol
rum hold
ser move bud
tri move vie
tys move tus
ukr move war
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move bul via convoy
bel move hol
bud hold
bur hold
con hold
gal move war
hel move hol
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move bel via convoy
mun support ruh move bur
nth move den
par support bur
pie move tyr
pru move sil
rom move tus
ruh move bur
sev move ukr
sil support gal move war
smy move con
stp move lvn
swe move nwy
tus move tys
vie hold
war support pru move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet ber
remove gal
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support lon move hol
ber move bal
bud support vie
bur support tyr move mun
con move bul
hel support nth move hol
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
lvn hold
mun move bur
nwy move nrg
par move gas
pru hold
ruh move bel
rum hold
stp/sc move bot
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys support wes move tun
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
mun move kie
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal move den
bel hold
bla support con
bot move swe
bud support vie
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move ber via convoy
eng support lon move bel
gal hold
gas move bur
hel move hol
hol support bel
ion move nap
kie support hol
lvn move fin via convoy
mun support bur move ruh
nth move hol
nrg move nat
pru hold
rum hold
smy move con
tyr move tri
tys move nap
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove lon
build Army par
build Army smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal move kie
bel support kie move ruh
bre move pic
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move bul
den hold
eng support bre move pic
gal hold
hol support kie move bel
ion move nap
kie move ruh
mun support ruh move kie
nat move mid
nth move hel
par move bur
ruh move kie
rum hold
ser move bud
smy move con
swe move nwy
tun move ion
tyr move tri
tys support tun move ion
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bla move con
boh move sil
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur support ruh move bel
con move bul
eng support pic move bel
gal support rum
ion move nap
lvn hold
mid move por
mun move ber
nth support hel move bel
nwy move nrg
par move gas
pic support ruh move bel
pru support war
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser move bud
tyr move pie
tys support ion move nap
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Russia: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap move apu
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove apu
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support bur move ruh
ber move mun
boh move sil
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move aeg
eng move lon
gal move ukr
gas move spa
hel move hol
lvn move pru
mar support gas move spa
nap support tys move rom
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bre
pie move tyr
por move mid
pru move ber
rum hold
ser move bud
sil move mun
stp/sc move bot
tys move rom
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move hol
ber move mun
boh move sil
bot move bal
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
hel hold
lon hold
lvn hold
mar move pie
nap move apu
nth hold
nwy move nrg
pic move bel
por hold
pru hold
rom hold
ruh support bel move hol
rum hold
ser move bud
sil move ber
spa move por
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support pie move ven
bal hold
bel hold
ber move mun
bre move mid
gal hold
hel move nth
hol support ruh move kie
lon hold
lvn move swe via convoy
mar move pie
nth move yor
nrg move nat
pie move ven
por hold
pru hold
rom move nap
ruh move kie
rum hold
tyr move ven
war hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
apu move adr
bel support hol
boh move vie
bud move ser
bul move con
con move ank
hol support bel
lon move wal
lvn move swe via convoy
mid support spa move por
mun move ber
nat move mid
nap move ion
nth move edi
por support nat move mid
ser move bul
sil move boh
spa move por
tyr move ven
ven support pie move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
remove tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bal hold
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move con
con move smy
eng move iri
gal move war
gre move aeg
kie move den
lvn move pru
mid support spa move por
nat move mid
par move bur
pie move tyr
por support nat move mid
pru move swe via convoy
ser move bul
spa move por
tri move alb
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb move gre
ank move arm
bal support pru move ber
bud move ser
bul move con
bur support tyr move mun
con move ank
eng hold
ion hold
iri move nat
kie move den
mid support spa move por
nat move mid
por support nat move mid
pru move ber
ser move bul
sil support pru move ber
smy move syr
spa move por
tyr move mun
vie move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move smy
bal move swe
bud move ser
bul move con
con move ank
eng move nth
gre move aeg
iri move nat
mid support iri move nat
mun support kie
nat move nrg
ser move gre
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bur move ruh
hol support mun move kie
kie move den
mid support spa move por
mun move kie
nth support kie move den
nrg hold
ser move bul
spa move por
swe hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber hold
mid support nat
nrg hold
por move bre via convoy
sil support ber
swe hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
kie support ruh move mun
mid move eng
mar move pie
nat move iri
par move bur
ruh move mun
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support ion
bur support mun
eng support nth
hol support kie
pie support ven
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
