PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move rum
den hold
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
nap move gre via convoy
nth support pic move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh support kie move hol
sev support ukr move rum
spa move por
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move bud
war hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
bel hold
bla support bul move rum
bre move mid
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
con move bul/sc
den move nth
edi move nrg
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move hol
mar move gol
mos support ukr move sev
mun move bur
nap move tun via convoy
nth move ska
par move bur
por move spa
ruh support hol move bel
ser move tri
sev move mos
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
swe hold
tri move vie
ukr move sev
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
sev move arm
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support bul/sc move gre
alb move tri
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
bud support tri
bul/sc move gre
hol move ruh
ion move adr
gol move tus
mid move wes
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nth move den
nrg move edi
nwy move nth
ruh move mun
rum support arm move sev
sev hold
ska move den
swe hold
tri hold
tun hold
ven support alb move tri
vie support alb move tri
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army kie
remove par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bel support ruh move bur
bla support sev
bud support rum move gal
con move bul
edi move nth
gre support aeg move ion
ion move nap
kie move den
mos support ukr move sev
mun move sil
nth support kie move den
nwy support edi move nth
pic move bel
ruh move bur
rum move gal
sev hold
ska move den
smy move aeg
spa move mar
swe hold
tri move ser
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys support wes move tun
ukr move sev
ven support alb move tri
vie support alb move tri
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army/dislodged tun
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move yor
tun disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
aeg move ion
bel move pic
bla support bul move rum
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
gal move war
gre support aeg move ion
ion move nap
kie move den
mar move bur
mos support war
nap support ven move rom
pic move bur
pie support bur move mar
rom support tys move nap
sev move mos
sil support gal move war
swe hold
tri support vie move bud
tun hold
tys move nap
ukr support war
ven move rom
vie move bud
war hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army bre
build Army kie
remove lon
build Army mun
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bla move sev
bre move par
bud move ser
bur move par
edi move yor
gal move ukr
gas move spa
gre support aeg move ion
ion move tys
kie move hol
mar support pie
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap support ven move rom
nth move bel
nwy support ska move swe
pic move bre
pie support mar
rom move nap
rum support gal move ukr
ser move bul
sev move mos
sil move mun
ska move swe
swe hold
tri support bud move ser
tun support tys
tys support rom move nap
ukr support war
ven move rom
war hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
France: fleet/dislodged rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
rom move tus
swe move bot
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel move eng
bla move rum
bot move stp/sc
bre move par
bul move ser
bur move mar
den hold
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
ion support nap move tys
mar support mun move bur
mos hold
mun move bur
nap move tys
pic move par
pie support mar
rom support tri move ven
ruh support hol move bel
rum move gal
ser support gre move bul
sev support ukr move mos
spa support bur move mar
tri move ven
tun hold
tus move pie
tys move gol
ukr move mos
war hold
yor move nth
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move gas
mos move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
remove ruh
build Army smy
remove stp/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move yor via convoy
bre hold
bul/sc move gre
bur support gas move par
con move aeg
den hold
gal move war
gas move par
ion hold
lvn move stp
gol support mar
mos move stp
nap move tys
nth convoy bel move yor
pic support gas move par
rom move tus
rum move bla
ser move tri
sev move mos
smy move con
spa move gas
tun hold
tus move pie
tys move wes
ven support rom move tus
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
bla convoy con move rum
bre move par
bur move par
con move rum via convoy
eng move nth
gal move war
gas support bre move par
gre move ion
ion move tun
lon support eng move nth
lvn move stp
gol support mar
mar hold
mos support gal move war
nth move bel
par move bre
pic support par move bre
pie move tyr
sev support mos
swe move den
tri move vie
tun move wes
tys support ion move tun
ven support tus
war hold
wes move spa/sc
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet kie
remove lvn
remove gol
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
remove nwy
build Army rom
build Army smy
remove wes
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move eng
bla hold
bre move par
bur move gas
con move bul
den hold
gas move spa
ion move tun
kie support den
lvp move edi
mar support gas move spa
mos move stp
mun move boh
nap move tys
nth support swe move den
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
rom move ven
rum move gal
sev move ukr
smy move con
spa/sc move por
stp move mos
swe move den
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr support mun move boh
tys move gol
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move con
boh support tyr
bre move wal via convoy
bul move rum
con move bul
eng convoy bre move wal
gal support vie move boh
ion hold
kie move ber
lon hold
gol support pie move mar
mar support spa
mos move stp
nth move hol
par move bur
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
sil move ber
spa support mar
stp move nwy
swe move den
tun move wes
tyr support boh
tys hold
ukr move war
ven support tri move tyr
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove edi
build Army rom
build Army smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move mun
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move aeg
eng support wal move lon
gal move boh
gas support bur move mar
hol move bel
ion hold
kie move ber
lon move yor
gol convoy rom move mar
mid move nat
nwy move swe
pie support rom move mar
por move mid
rom move mar via convoy
rum move gal
sil support gal move boh
smy move con
stp hold
swe support stp move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys convoy rom move mar
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
wal move lon
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move lvp
boh support tyr move mun
bre move par
bur move bel
con move lvp via convoy
eng support bur move bel
gal hold
gas move par
ion convoy con move lvp
gol support pie move mar
mid convoy con move lvp
mar move bur
nat convoy con move lvp
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom move tus
rum hold
sil support pru move ber
spa move gas
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tyr move mun
tys convoy con move lvp
vie move tyr
wes convoy con move lvp
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
ber move kie
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army con
remove gas
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army smy
remove spa
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move alb
ank move bla
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh move vie
bre hold
bur move par
con move bul
den move kie
edi move yor
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move bud
ion convoy smy move alb
kie move bal
lon move pic via convoy
lvp move edi
gol move spa/sc
mid move gas
mar support mun move bur
mun move bur
nat move lvp
nap move tys
nth support swe move den
nwy move swe
rom move tus
rum move ser
sil move ber
smy move alb
swe move den
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb move nap
bal move kie
ber move kie
bre support par
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
edi hold
eng move lon
ion convoy alb move nap
lvp hold
mid support gas move bre
nth support yor move lon
par support bre
pic move bel
ser move tri
sil move ber
swe hold
tyr move mun
vie support ser move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: army edi
Turkey: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
