PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move war
mun move sil
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move swe
bre move pic
bul support rum
bur move bel
con move aeg
den move swe
gal support sil move war
lon move nth
nth move nwy
pie move mar
pru support sil move war
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
sil move war
smy move con
spa hold
tys move tun
ukr support war
wal move yor
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
war move mos
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army smy
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bel move hol
ber move bal
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul support smy move gre
con support bul
den support ber move bal
gal support bud move rum
gre hold
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mar move gas
mos move lvn
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move hol
par move bur
pic move bel
pru move lvn
rom move tys
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
smy move gre via convoy
spa move mar
tri move adr
tun move wes
ukr support rum
ven move pie
war support pru move lvn
yor move hol
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
gre move alb
rum move sev
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bal move swe
bel hold
bul move ser
bur move par
con support bul
den support bal move swe
eng move bre
gal support rum
gas move spa
gre support bul move ser
ion support ser move gre
lvn move mos
mar hold
mos hold
nwy support bal move swe
pic move bre
pie move mar
ruh support yor move hol
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
swe hold
tys move gol
ukr support mos
war support lvn move mos
wes support gas move spa
yor move hol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bel move hol
bul move ser
con support bul
den move hel
eng move bre
gal move ukr
gre support bul move ser
ion support alb move gre
lvn move mos
gol move spa/sc
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move bar
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie support spa move mar
ruh support yor move hol
rum support gal move ukr
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
smy move eas
spa move mar
ukr move rum
war support lvn move mos
wes move mid
yor move nwy
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mar move gas
rum move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bar support nwy move stp
bre hold
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur move pic
con move bul
eas move ion
eng move bel
gas move mar
gre support bul move ser
hel move kie
hol move bel
mar move spa
mos support ukr move sev
nth support eng move bel
nwy move stp
par hold
pie move mar
ruh move hol
rum support bul move ser
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum
spa/sc move por
stp move lvn
ukr move sev
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
sev move bla
stp move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove bla
build Army edi
remove fin
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg move gre
alb move gre
bar move nrg
bel hold
ber move kie
bre hold
bud move rum
bul support gre move ser
con support bul
eas move ion
edi move nwy
gas move mar
gre move ser
hol hold
ion hold
kie move den
lon move eng
mid support lon move eng
mos support war move lvn
nap support ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
par hold
pic move bur
pie support spa move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh support ber move kie
rum support gre move ser
ser move bul
sev support bud move rum
spa move mar
stp support edi move nwy
swe support kie move den
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rum move gal
ser move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
alb move gre
bel support nth move hol
bre hold
bud move ser
bul support ser
bur move bel
con move ank
den move nth
eas move ion
eng move bre
gal support bul move rum
gas move spa
hol hold
ion support alb move gre
kie move hol
lvn move stp
mid support eng move bre
mar support spa/sc
mos support lvn move stp
nap support ion
nth move hol
nrg move bar
nwy support stp
par hold
pie move tyr
ruh support kie move hol
rum move bul
ser hold
sev move arm
spa/sc support mar
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove gal
remove gas
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Army smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
ank move arm
arm move smy
bar support nwy move stp
bel move nth
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move bel
den support hol move nth
eas move ion
fin support nwy move stp
hol move nth
ion hold
kie move hol
mid move eng
mar move gas
mos support stp
nap support ion
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
par hold
ruh support bur move bel
rum support bud move ser
ser support bul move rum
smy support ank move arm
spa/sc move mar
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri hold
tyr support ven
ven support tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Austria: army/dislodged arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
Germany: army/dislodged stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel disband
nth disband
stp move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
alb support ion move gre
bar move nwy
bel move edi via convoy
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul support ser
den move swe
eas move ion
eng support bre move pic
fin support stp
gas move par
hol move bel
ion hold
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
nap support ion
nth convoy bel move edi
par move bre
ruh support hol move bel
rum support bud move ser
ser support ven move tri
sev hold
smy move gre via convoy
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri hold
tyr move vie
ven move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Army rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move sev
bar move nwy
ber move sil
bre move par
bud move ser
bul move rum
den move ska
eas move aeg
edi move lvp
eng move lon
fin support stp
gre hold
ion move adr
lvn move stp
mar move spa/sc
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ruh move bur
nap move ion
nth support bel
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum support bud move ser
ser support bul move rum
sev hold
stp hold
swe hold
tri hold
ven move pie
vie hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bre disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg hold
arm move sev
bel move eng
bre support lon move eng
bud move vie
bul support ser
bur move gas
con move bla
fin support stp
gre support bul
lon move eng
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
mun move bur
nth support ska move nwy
par hold
pie move mar
rum move gal
ser support ven move tri
sev move arm
sil move boh
ska move nwy
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp hold
swe move fin
tri move ven
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move bar
tri move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
remove fin
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg hold
arm move sev
bel support nth move eng
ber move mun
bla support arm move sev
boh support gal move vie
bre move gas
bud support gal move vie
bul move rum
bur move par
eng move bel
gal move vie
gas support bur move par
gre hold
ion move tun
kie move hol
lvp move wal
mar support bre move gas
mos support sev
mun move bur
nth move eng
nwy move nth
par hold
rom move ven
ser move bud
sev move rum
spa/sc support mar
swe move nwy
tri support vie
ven move tyr
vie support ser move bud
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
eng move bre
sev move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg hold
bar move nwy
bel move pic
ber move mun
bla support sev
boh support gal move vie
bre support spa/sc move mid
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move gas
eng move iri
gal move rum
gas move spa/nc
gre support ser
hol move bel
mar move bur
mos support ukr move sev
mun move ruh
nth move eng
par support mar move bur
ser support bul move rum
sev hold
spa/sc move mid
tri support vie
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
ven move pie
vie move bud
wal move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bar
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army mun
remove ukr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
bel support pic
ber move sil
bla support bul move rum
boh support bud move vie
bre move pic
bud support gal move vie
bul move rum
bur support bre move pic
con move bul
eng support gas move bre
gal move vie
gas move bre
gre support ser
iri move mid
kie move mun
mid move nat
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nwy move nrg
par support bur
pic support gas move bre
pie move mar
ruh support mun move bur
ser support tri move bud
sev support bul move rum
spa/nc support wes move mid
stp move mos
tri move bud
tyr support vie
vie support tri move bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
bla support sev
boh support mun
bre move par
bud support vie
bul support rum
bur move mun
eng support iri move mid
gal hold
gre hold
iri move mid
kie move hol
lon move yor
mid support nat
mar support bur
mos support ukr
mun support ruh move bur
nat move lvp
par move bre
pic move bre
ruh move bur
rum support sev move ukr
ser support rum
sev move ukr
sil move war
spa/nc support mid
tyr support bur move mun
ukr support gal
vie support bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bur move gas
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove gal
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bel move eng
bla move sev
boh support war move gal
bre move gas
bud support rum move gal
bul move rum
bur move par
eng move mid
gas support par
hol move ruh
ion move tun
iri support eng move mid
lvp move cly
mid hold
mar move bur
mos support ukr
mun support boh
nrg move nat
par support mar move bur
pic support bre
rom move ven
rum move gal
sev move ukr
spa/nc support mid
tyr move boh
ukr support war move gal
ven move pie
vie support rum move gal
war move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support pic
bla support sev
boh move sil
bre support pic
bud support gal
bur move mun
cly move edi
edi support iri move lvp
eng support bre
gal support vie move boh
gas move bre
gre hold
ion move tys
iri move lvp
mid support gas move bre
mos support ukr
mun support ruh
nat move nrg
par support gas move bre
pic support bre
pie move mar
ruh support mun
rum support gal
ser hold
sev move ukr
spa/nc support mid
tun move naf
tyr support bur move mun
ven support tyr
vie move boh
war support ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
remove ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support pic
ber support sil
bla support arm move sev
boh support tyr
bud support gal
bur move pic
edi move cly
eng support bre
gal support sev move ukr
gas support mid move bre
gre move bul
kie support mun
lvp hold
mid move bre
mar support bur
mos support ukr
mun support ruh move bur
naf move mid
nrg support edi move cly
par support mid move bre
pic support bre
ruh move bur
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
sil support mun
spa/nc support naf move mid
tyr support boh
tys move wes
war support ukr
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: army cly
Italy: fleet/dislodged cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
cly move nat
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel move eng
ber support sil
bla support bul move rum
boh support gal move sil
bre hold
bud support rum move gal
bul move rum
bur move par
eng move iri
gal move sil
gas move bur
kie move ruh
lvp support nrg move nat
mid support nat move iri
mar support gas move bur
mos support ukr
mun support sil
nat move iri
nrg move nat
par support bre
pic support bel move eng
rum move gal
sev move ukr
sil support mun
spa/nc move gas
tyr move mun
war support ukr
wes support mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Germany: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Germany: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move nth
ber support sil
bla support arm move sev
boh support tyr
bre support iri move eng
bud support gal
bur support par move pic
cly move lvp
eng move mid
gal support sev move ukr
gas support bre
iri move eng
kie support mun
lvp move wal
mid support iri move eng
mar support bur
mos support ukr
nat support eng move mid
par move pic
pic move bel
rom move tys
ruh support mun
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
sil support war move gal
tyr support boh
ukr support war move gal
ven move pie
war move gal
wes support mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move lon
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support lon move eng
ber support sil
bla support arm move sev
boh move mun
bre support eng
bud move vie
bul support rum
bur support pic move bel
eng support pic move bel
gal support sev move ukr
gas support mar move spa
kie support mun
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid support eng
mar move spa
mos support ukr
mun support ruh move bur
nat support wal move iri
nth support bel
pic move bel
ruh move bur
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
sil support mun
tyr support boh move mun
tys move tun
wal move iri
war support ukr
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gas
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support lon move eng
ber support sil
boh support tyr
bre support eng
bur support pic
eng support bre
iri support lon move eng
kie support mun
mid support eng
mos support ukr
mun support ruh move bur
nat move mid
nap move tys
nth support bel
pic support bur
pie move mar
ruh move bur
sil support war move gal
tun move naf
tyr support boh
ukr support war move gal
vie support boh
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
