PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
apu move tun via convoy
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move gre
con move bul
den move ska
gal move rum
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie hold
ruh move hol
ser support gal move rum
sev move bla
spa move mar
ukr support gal move rum
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move eng
bul move gre
con support bul
den support ska move swe
hol move bel
ion move tun
lon move eng
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth support lon move eng
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
ska move swe
smy move aeg
swe hold
tri move alb
tun move naf
ukr move sev
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb support gre
arm move sev
bla move ank
bot move stp/sc
bre move eng
bud hold
bur support pie move mar
con support bul
den hold
eng move bre
gal move war
gre support ser move bul
hol support yor move bel
nth convoy yor move bel
pic move par
pie move mar
pru move war
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move mos
spa/sc support mar
swe hold
tun move wes
tys move gol
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove gal
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb support gre
ank move bla
bel move pic
bot move stp/sc
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support rum move ser
bur move gas
con support bul
den move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
eng support bel move pic
gre hold
hol hold
lvp move iri
gol support naf move spa
mar move bur
mos support bot move stp
mun move bur
naf move spa via convoy
nth convoy edi move nwy
par support mar move bur
pie move mar
pru move war
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
sev hold
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc support edi move nwy
swe move bot
vie move bud
wes convoy naf move spa
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
spa/sc move por
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
bar support nwy move stp
bla support bul
bot support nwy move stp
bud support rum
bul support aeg move gre
bur move bel
con support bul
eng move bre
gas support mun move bur
gre support ser move bul
hol support nth move bel
iri move mid
kie move ber
gol support spa
mid move nat
mos support ukr move war
mun move bur
nth move bel
nwy move stp
par move pic
pic move par
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
spa support mar
stp/sc hold
ukr move war
war move ukr
wes move naf
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move ruh
stp/sc disband
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
remove par
remove por
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb move ion
bar move nrg
ber move sil
bla support bul
bot move swe
bre move gas
bud support vie move gal
bul move rum
bur move mun
con support bul
gas move par
gre support rum move bul
hol move kie
lon move eng
gol move wes
mid hold
mar move spa
mos support sev
naf support gol move wes
nat move lvp
nap move ion
pic move bur
rom move tys
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev hold
spa move por
stp support lvn
vie move gal
war support mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move ion
bel hold
bla support con move bul
bud support gal move rum
bul support gal move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
eng support mid
gal move rum
gas move spa/nc
gre support bul
hol move kie
lvn move war
lvp hold
mid support gas move spa
mos support war
mun move kie
naf move mid
nap move tys
nrg move nat
par hold
por move spa
ruh move hol
ser support bul
sev move bla
sil support lvn move war
spa move mar
stp move mos
swe move den
tys move gol
war support mos
wes support por move spa
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
war disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bel
build Army ber
build Army kie
remove ruh
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con
ber move sil
bla support con
bud support vie move gal
bur move mar
con hold
eng support mid
gas move spa/nc
gre support ion move aeg
hol move ruh
ion move aeg
kie move mun
lvp move cly
gol move mar
mid support gas move spa
mos support sev
mun move tyr
naf support wes move mid
nat move lvp
par move gas
por support spa
ser support rum
sev hold
sil move boh
stp move mos
tys move wes
ven move pie
vie move gal
war support stp move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
mos disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bla support con
boh move gal
bud support gal move vie
bul support rum
bur move mar
cly move edi
con hold
den hold
eng support mid
gal move vie
gas move spa/nc
gre move aeg
lvp hold
gol support pie move mar
mid support gas move spa
mos support war move ukr
mun move boh
naf support wes move mid
par hold
pie move mar
por support spa
ruh move mun
rum support bul
ser move tri
sev hold
sil support boh move gal
smy support con
spa support pie move mar
tyr move tri
tys move ion
war move ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy bul move syr
bla support con
boh move vie
bud support vie
bul move syr via convoy
con support smy
eas convoy bul move syr
edi move nth
gal support boh move vie
ion move adr
gol move spa/sc
mar support spa move gas
mun hold
naf support wes move mid
par hold
por support gol move spa
rum hold
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy support con
spa move gas
tyr support boh move vie
ukr support mos move sev
vie hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
England: fleet/dislodged gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support eas move smy
bla support con move bul
boh move vie
bud support tri move vie
con move bul
den move nth
eas move smy
gal move rum
gas move bre
mid support gas move bre
mun move kie
nth move hol
par hold
por move spa
rum support bud
sev move bla
spa/sc move wes
syr support eas move smy
tri move vie
tyr support vie move tri
ukr support gal move rum
vie move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ser
smy move con
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mun
build Army rom
remove tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ser move gre
bla move ank
boh move gal
bud move ser
bul support con
con support bul
hol move hel
kie move hol
mid move nat
mar support spa move gas
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nth support kie move hol
par hold
rom move tus
rum support vie move bud
ser move gre
sev move rum
smy move con
spa move gas
syr move arm
tyr move tri
ukr support mos move sev
vie move bud
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
ank move arm
arm move ank
bud support tri move ser
bul support con
con support bul
gal move vie
gas support mar move bur
gre support ser move bul
hel move den
mid move iri
mar move bur
nat support mid move iri
nth move den
par hold
ruh move kie
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bul
sev move rum
smy move con
tri move ser
tus move pie
ukr move sev
ven move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
sev disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet ber
remove gre
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con
arm move ank
ber move kie
bud move rum
bul move con
bur move bel
con support ank
hel move nth
hol support ber move kie
iri support mid move eng
kie move den
mid move eng
mun hold
nat move nrg
nap move ion
par hold
pie move tyr
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support bud move rum
smy support bul move con
tri move alb
vie move bud
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
con move aeg
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move ank
bre move wal via convoy
bud move gal
bul support alb move gre
con support arm move ank
den hold
eng convoy bre move wal
hel move kie
hol hold
ion support alb move gre
iri support bre move wal
kie move hel
mun hold
nth move edi
nrg move nwy
par hold
rum move ukr
ser hold
sev hold
smy support con
tyr move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army ber
remove hel
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy
ber move kie
bul move con
con support ank
den move swe
edi move nth
eng move lon
gal move war
gre support ion move aeg
hol hold
ion move aeg
iri move lvp
kie move hel
mun hold
nap move ion
nwy move stp/nc
par hold
rom move nap
ser move bud
sev move arm
smy support con
ukr support gal move war
wal support eng move lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Italy: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Italy: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ank support smy
arm move ank
bul support aeg move con
con support ank
gas move bre
gre move aeg
ion convoy nap move gre
iri support wal move lvp
kie move mun
mun move tyr
nap move gre via convoy
smy support con
swe hold
tri move alb
ukr move mos
ven move tri
wal move lvp
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Italy: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
Italy: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army nap
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
Italy: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb support tri
ank support smy
arm move ank
ber hold
bud move ser
bul support aeg move con
con support smy
eas move smy
gre support alb
hel hold
hol hold
ion move aeg
kie hold
mos hold
mun hold
nth hold
par hold
rom move ven
smy support con
swe hold
tyr move vie
ven move pie
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
Italy: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
alb support gre
ank support smy move con
arm move ank
ber hold
bul support con
con support arm move ank
gal move bud
hel hold
hol hold
kie hold
mos hold
mun hold
nth hold
par hold
ser hold
smy move con
swe hold
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
Italy: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
Italy: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank support smy move con
arm move ank
bul support con
con support arm move ank
eas move smy
smy move con
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Austria: fleet/dislodged smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
Italy: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
Italy: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri
ank move smy
arm move ank
bul support con
con support arm move ank
iri move eng
syr support ank move smy
ven support tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Germany: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
Italy: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
smy move eas
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
Italy: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove syr
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
Italy: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
alb support tri
ank support eas move smy
eas move smy
eng support bel
smy move arm
ven support tri
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
Italy: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy
ank move arm
arm move sev
mos move sev
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
Italy: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
Italy: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
