PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move pie
vie move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bot move swe
bul hold
bur move pic
con move aeg
den move swe
eng convoy wal move bre
gal support bul move rum
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth move nwy
pie support spa move mar
rom move ven
ruh move mun
ser move gre
smy move con
spa move mar
tri move alb
ukr move gal
wal move bre via convoy
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move vie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
ank move con
ber move pru
bot move stp/sc
bre hold
bud support gre move ser
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nrg
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move boh
gre move ser
hol support lon move bel
kie move den
lon move bel
mar hold
mun move sil
nap move ion
nwy support den move swe
pic move par
pie move mar
por move mid
rum move bla
sev move rum
tun support nap move ion
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb move gre
ank move con
bel move pic
bla move rum
boh move mun
bre move par
bud support ser
bul move gre
con move bul
den move kie
eng move bel
hol hold
ion move eas
mid hold
mar hold
nrg move bar
nwy support nrg move bar
par hold
pie move mar
pru move war
rum move ser
ser support alb move gre
sil support pru move war
swe hold
tun move ion
ven move apu
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ser move gre
apu move ven
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
ber move mun
bla support rum
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul move ser
con move bul
eas move aeg
gre support bul move ser
hol hold
ion support eas move aeg
kie support ber move mun
lon move eng
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos support stp/sc
mun move tyr
nwy support bar move stp
par move gas
pic move par
pie move mar
rum support bul move ser
ser move gre
sil move war
smy support aeg
stp/sc hold
swe hold
vie hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb move tri
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
bla move sev
bud support gre move ser
bul move gre
bur support gas move par
eas move aeg
eng move iri
gas move par
gre move ser
hol hold
ion support eas move aeg
iri move lvp
kie move ruh
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun hold
nwy support bar move stp
par move bre
pic move par
rum support mos move ukr
ser support bul move gre
smy support aeg
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
tyr move tri
ukr move mos
ven support alb move tri
vie support alb move tri
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ser move bul
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bot
build Fleet con
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
remove tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
bel hold
ber move sil
bre move par
bud support ser
bul support gre
bur move pic
con move smy
eas support ion
gre support bul
hol hold
ion support eas
iri move lvp
lvp hold
mar move spa/sc
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move tys
nwy move nrg
par support bur move pic
pic support bre move par
ruh hold
rum support mos move ukr
ser support tri move alb
sev move arm
smy move syr
swe hold
tri move alb
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel hold
bre support pic move par
bud support gal move rum
bul support gre move ser
bur support par
eas move smy
gal move rum
gre move ser
hol support ruh move bel
ion support alb move gre
iri move lvp
lvp move nat
mar hold
mos support war move ukr
mun move ruh
nrg hold
par hold
pic move par
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum move gal
ser support alb move gre
sil move war
smy support syr move eas
spa move por
swe move nwy
syr move eas
tys move gol
ukr support bul move rum
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move nth
ser move alb
ukr move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet kie
remove lvp
remove mar
build Army mun
remove nat
build Fleet nap
remove par
remove sev
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move gre
alb move ser
bel support bur move pic
ber move bal
bre move par
bud support alb move ser
bul support ser move gre
eas move ion
gal move sil
gre move bul/sc
hol support bel
ion support gre move aeg
kie move den
gol move spa/sc
mos support nwy move stp
mun support bur
nap support ion
nth move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pic support bre move par
pie move mar
por hold
ruh support bel
rum support gre move bul
ser move gre
smy support aeg
stp/nc support nrg move nwy
tri support alb move ser
ukr move war
ven move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
par move gas
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bal move swe
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
bud move rum
bul/sc hold
con move bul
eas support smy move aeg
gal move vie
gre support con move bul
hol support bel
ion move aeg
kie move den
mar hold
mos support stp/nc
mun move sil
nap move tys
nth move den
nwy support bar move stp
pic move bre
por hold
ruh support mun
rum move sev
ser support bul/sc
smy move con
spa/sc support mar
stp/nc hold
tri move vie
ukr move war
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove bur
remove gal
remove gas
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
remove smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bar support nwy
bel support ruh move bur
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul/sc move gre
con move bul
eas move ion
gre support con move bul
hol hold
ion move aeg
kie move den
lon move nth
mar move bur
mos support stp/nc
mun support ruh move bur
nap support tys move ion
nth move hel
nwy hold
par support bre move pic
por move spa
ruh move bur
rum move sev
ser support bul/sc move gre
sev move arm
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc hold
swe support kie move den
tri move alb
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr move war
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support ion move gre
arm move ank
bar move stp/nc
bel support hol
bul support aeg move gre
bur move pic
den move nth
eas support aeg
gal move vie
gre move bul/sc
hel support nth move den
hol support bel
ion move gre
mid move nat
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy support bar move stp
par support mar move bur
pic move bel
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev hold
sil move mun
spa move gas
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tyr move mun
tys support nap move ion
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
bur move ruh
den move bal
nwy move nth
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove eas
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con
alb move tri
ank support bul/sc move con
bal move den
bar move stp/nc
bel support ruh
bud move gal
bul/sc move con
bur move mun
con hold
den support hel move kie
gas move bur
gre support ion move aeg
hel move kie
hol support bel
ion move aeg
kie support bal move den
mos move stp
nat move nrg
nth support pic move bel
nwy move nth
par move pic
pic move bel
ruh support sil move mun
rum move ukr
ser support alb move tri
sev support rum move ukr
sil move mun
swe support bal move den
tyr move boh
tys move ion
ven move tyr
vie support tyr move boh
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
con move smy
den move ska
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move smy
bar move nwy
bel move bur
boh support bur move mun
bur move mun
con support ank move smy
den support swe move ska
gal move war
gas move bur
gre hold
hel move kie
hol move bel
ion hold
kie support mun
mos move stp
mun support bel move bur
nth move den
nrg support bar move nwy
nwy support mos move stp
par hold
pic support bur move bel
ruh support mun
ser move bul
sev move mos
ska support nth move den
smy hold
swe move ska
tri move ven
tyr support bur move mun
ukr support sev move mos
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ber
smy move arm
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
remove den
remove swe
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel support hol
ber move pru
boh move gal
bud move ser
con support bul
gas move mar
gre move bul/sc
hel move hol
hol support bel
ion move adr
kie move ber
mos move stp
mun move boh
nth move ska
nrg move bar
nwy support ska move swe
par move bur
pic support par move bur
ruh move mun
sil support boh move gal
ska move swe
smy support con
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tyr move ven
ukr move gal
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
aeg support gre move bul
bar support stp
bel hold
ber support ruh move mun
boh move gal
bur move ruh
con support bul
gre move bul/sc
hel hold
hol move kie
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun move tyr
nwy support stp
pic move bel
pie move ven
pru support sil move war
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sil move war
ska move swe
smy support con
stp move mos
swe move bot
tyr support vie move boh
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie move boh
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mun move bur
ven move rom
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bar
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support gre move bul
bel support kie move hol
ber move kie
boh move vie
bot support stp
bud move gal
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move aeg
edi move yor
gre move bul/sc
hel move nth
kie move hol
lvn move war
mos support lvn move war
mun support ber move kie
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie move ven
pru support war
rom support tyr move ven
ruh support pic move bel
ser support bul move gre
stp hold
swe move fin
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr support mos
ven move tri
vie support bud move gal
war hold
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move bur
gre move ion
tri move alb
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move smy
alb support ven move tri
bel support ruh move hol
boh move gal
bot support fin move stp
bur move par
con move bul/sc
fin move stp/sc
gal move boh
gre move bul
hol support mun move ruh
ion move nap
kie support hol
lvn move war
mos support lvn move war
mun move ruh
nth convoy yor move den
pie support adr move ven
pru move lvn
rom move nap
ruh move hol
ser move bud
smy hold
stp support war move mos
swe move bal
tri move bud
ukr support lvn move war
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move mos
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
England: army/dislodged ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army/dislodged stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ruh move bur
stp move nwy
tri move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army bud
build Army lon
remove lvn
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bal move ber
boh move vie
bot move swe
bud move vie
bur move par
con move aeg
den move kie
gal support war move sil
gre move bul
hol support ruh move bel
ion move aeg
kie support sil move mun
mar hold
mos support nwy move stp
nth move eng
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie move tus
rom move nap
ruh move bel
ser support tri
sil move mun
smy move con
tri support vie move tyr
tyr support boh move vie
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
stp/sc move bot
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel support par move pic
ber support den move kie
bot move stp/sc
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur support pic move par
con move aeg
den move kie
eng convoy lon move bel
gal support bud move vie
gre support con move aeg
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie move ber
lon move bel via convoy
mar hold
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
nap hold
par move pic
pic move par
ser support tri
sil support kie move ber
smy hold
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr support vie move tri
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move bal
par move bre
tri move alb
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove bur
build Fleet kie
remove lon
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
alb move tri
bal move pru
bel move pic
ber support hol move kie
bot support swe move fin
bre support bel move pic
bud support vie
den move kie
eng move bre
gal move boh
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move alb
kie move hel
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support ber
nap move rom
par support eng move bre
pru support sil
rum move gal
ser support alb move tri
sil support gal move boh
stp move nwy
swe move fin
tus move rom
tyr support tri
ven support tri
vie support gal move boh
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
ion move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support bud move tri
bal move swe
ber support mun
boh move tyr
bot support fin move stp
bre hold
bud move tri
den move kie
fin move stp/sc
gal move boh
gas move par
hel move den
ion move tys
kie support hel move den
mun support ber
nap move rom
nwy support stp
par move pic
pic support gas move par
pie move tus
pru move ber
ser support bud move tri
sil support pru move ber
stp support nwy
tri move vie
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support tri move vie
vie support boh move tyr
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
England: army/dislodged par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
par disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support tri
ber support mun
boh move tyr
bot support fin move stp
bre move pic
bud move gal
den support nwy move swe
fin move stp/sc
gal move boh
kie support ber
lon move nth
mun support ber
nap move rom
nwy move swe
par move bre
pic support par move bre
pru support sil
ser move bud
sil support gal move boh
smy move con
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
tri support boh move tyr
tys support aeg move ion
vie support boh move tyr
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army/dislodged stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bre move eng
stp move lvn
swe move ska
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb support bud move tri
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre hold
bud move tri
den support swe
gal move sil
ion move tun
kie support ber
lvn move stp
mun support ber
pic move bel
pie move tyr
pru support sil move ber
rom support tri move ven
sil move ber
swe support den
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
tun move wes
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
bel move bur
ber move mun
boh move mun
bre move gas
bud move vie
con hold
den move bal
gal move war
kie support ber move mun
lvn move stp
mun move ber
pie support ven
pru support mun move ber
rom move tus
ruh support ber move mun
sil support mun move ber
swe move den
tri support vie move tyr
tun move wes
tus support ven
tys support rom move tus
ven hold
vie move tyr
wes hold
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal move ber
ber move mun
boh support mun
bur support ber move mun
con hold
den support kie
gas move mar
kie support ber move mun
lvn support war move mos
mun support pru move ber
pie support ven
pru move ber
ruh support ber move mun
sil support mun
tri move ven
tun support tys move wes
tus support tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move wes
ven hold
vie move tri
war move mos
wes hold
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: fleet/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
ven move apu
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
remove pie
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move nap
bal move lvn
ber support mun
boh support vie move tyr
bud move gal
bur support mun
con hold
den move swe
kie support ber
lvn move stp
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber
pru move lvn
ruh support mun
sil move pru
spa/sc hold
tri move adr
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move pie
ven move apu
vie move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move nap
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mun
con move bul
gal move war
gre move ser
ion move tys
kie move ber
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
nap hold
pie move mar
pru support sil
rom support apu move nap
ruh support mun
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc hold
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tyr move mun
wes move gol
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army/dislodged pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
pru move lvn
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
