PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move sil
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mun move bur
nap move ion
rom move ven
smy move con
stp/sc move lvn
ven move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move par
con move bul
gal move vie
ion move tun
mos move ukr
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nwy
ser support tri
sev move bla
sil move war
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move pru
bla move rum
bud move rum
bul support rum move ser
bur move gas
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
hol move bel
lon move eng
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
rum move ser
ser support bud move rum
sil move boh
smy move aeg
tri hold
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move gre
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
arm move rum via convoy
bla convoy arm move rum
boh move vie
bud move ser
bul move gre
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move bre
gas move spa
gre hold
ion move aeg
mun move kie
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pru move war
ser support arm move rum
tri move adr
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
vie move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet ber
build Army lon
remove lvn
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber move bal
bla support arm move sev
bud move vie
bul support ser move gre
eng convoy lon move pic
gal hold
gas move spa
gre move ser
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lon move pic via convoy
lvp move iri
mun support kie move ber
nap move tys
nth support bel move hol
nwy move fin
ser move gre
sev hold
smy move eas
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri support bud move vie
ven move pie
vie hold
war move mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
sev disband
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb support tri move ser
bal support den move kie
ber move kie
bla move rum
boh support mun move tyr
bul move ser
den move kie
eas move ion
eng move bre
fin move stp
gal move rum
hol support den move kie
ion move gre
iri move mid
gol support pie move mar
mos hold
mun support ber
nth move eng
nwy move swe
pic support eng move bre
pie move mar
spa hold
tri move ser
tys support ion
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: fleet kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
remove gal
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bal move ber
ber move sil
bla convoy con move rum
boh move tyr
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support con move rum
con move rum via convoy
eng convoy lon move pic
gre hold
hol move ruh
ion move adr
kie support bal move ber
lon move pic via convoy
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mid move naf
mar support gol move spa
mos move sev
mun move ber
nap support tys move ion
pic move bur
ser support bud move rum
sev support con move rum
spa move por
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support gre
alb move tri
ber hold
bla support bul move rum
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
gal move war
gre support con move bul
ion move eas
iri move mid
kie support ber
mid move spa/sc
mar move bur
mos move war
mun move kie
naf move wes
nap move apu
pic move par
por support mid move spa
ruh support tyr move mun
ser move bul
sev support bul move rum
sil move war
spa/sc move por
swe move den
tyr move mun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move boh
spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove mar
remove sil
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support smy move eas
apu move ven
ber move bal
bla move con
bul move ser
bur move mun
eas move smy
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move rum
gre support bul move ser
kie move den
lon move pic via convoy
lvp move wal
gol support tun move wes
mid move por
mos move war
mun move tyr
pic move bur
por move spa
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bul move ser
ser hold
sev support rum
smy move eas
spa/sc support mid move por
tri support ser
tun move wes
ven move tri
vie move tyr
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
eas move syr
mun move sil
ser move alb
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move ven
bal move bot
bur support pic move par
con move smy
den support ruh move kie
eas support con move smy
eng convoy wal move bel
gre move ser
kie move hol
gol move mar
mun support ruh move kie
pic move par
por support spa/sc
ruh move kie
rum move bud
ser move tri
sev move mos
sil move ber
stp support sev move mos
syr move smy
tri move tyr
tys move rom
ven support ser move tri
vie support tri move tyr
wal move bel via convoy
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
Germany: supply por
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
remove ber
build Army con
build Fleet edi
remove gal
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove syr
remove vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move nap
bel move hol
bot move swe
bud move vie
bur move mar
con move bul
den move swe
eas move ion
edi move nth
eng move mid
hol move nth
ion move tun
kie support bel move hol
lvn move swe via convoy
mid move bre
mar move gol
mos support stp
par move bre
por support eng move mid
ser move bud
smy move aeg
spa/sc support bur move mar
tri support bud move vie
tyr move boh
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
mid move nat
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
boh move sil
bot support lvn move stp
bud move gal
bul move gre
con move bul
den move swe
hel move nth
ion move nap
kie move den
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mos support stp
mun move kie
nat move nrg
nap move rom
por move mid
rom support ion move nap
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp hold
tri move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
nap move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove gol
remove nth
remove nrg
remove tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bot support lvn move stp
den move swe
edi move nrg
gal move war
hol move kie
kie move ber
lvn move stp
lvp move edi
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support gal move war
par move bur
spa/sc move mar
swe move fin
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move nwy
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bot move fin
fin support nwy move stp
mos support nwy move stp
nwy move stp
stp support bot move fin
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Germany: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
