PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move arm
bla move rum
boh move vie
bot move swe
bul hold
con move aeg
den move swe
gal support boh move vie
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
ser support alb move tri
spa move por
tyr move tri
ukr support bla move rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie support alb move tri
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army stp
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
alb move tri
arm move smy
bel support par move bur
ber move sil
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support con move gre
den hold
gal move bud
hol move ruh
kie move mun
lon move nth
mar move gol
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth move ska
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
par move bur
por move spa
rum hold
ser support alb move tri
spa/sc move wes
stp move fin
tun move wes
tyr move tri
ukr move mos
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
alb support ser move tri
bar support nwy move stp
bel move bur
boh move gal
bot move bal
bud move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur move mar
con support bul
den support ska move swe
fin move stp
gal move vie
ion move alb
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid move naf
mos support fin move stp
mun hold
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
por move spa
ruh move hol
rum move sev
ser move tri
sil support boh move gal
ska move swe
smy move gre via convoy
spa/sc move wes
tri support vie move bud
tun move tys
ven support tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army lon
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bal support fin move swe
bar support nwy move stp
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move bul
den move kie
fin move swe
gal move vie
gre support bul move ser
hol move kie
ion support tys move tun
lon move nwy via convoy
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move ber
naf move tun
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp
rom move tys
rum move ser
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move war
smy move eas
spa move mar
swe move fin
tri support vie move bud
tys move tun
ven move pie
vie move bud
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
swe move bot
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move ser
bal support swe move den
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
ber move mun
bot support nwy move swe
bud move tri
bul move rum
den support bot move swe
eas move ion
gre support ser
hol move ruh
ion move tun
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move war
naf support wes move tun
nth support den
nwy move swe
pie move tus
rom move tus
rum support alb move ser
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
sil move gal
stp move mos
swe move den
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
ven support rom move tus
vie support bud move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: army/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move nap
swe move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army con
build Army edi
remove fin
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army mun
build Army par
remove sev
remove tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal move kie
bel support par move bur
ber move sil
bot convoy swe move lvn
bul move rum
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support vie move bud
gre move alb
ion move adr
kie move ber
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf support tun
nap support tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
pie move ven
ruh move kie
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
stp/nc move bar
swe move lvn via convoy
tri support pie move ven
tun hold
tys hold
ven move tus
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum disband
ven move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb
alb support ser
bal move ber
bar move nrg
bel support bur
ber move kie
bot move swe
bud support gal move rum
bul move rum
bur support bel
den move kie
gal move rum
gre support alb
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn move mos
gol move tus
mar move pie
naf move wes
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp
rom move ven
ruh move hol
rum move ukr
ser support bul move rum
sev support gal move rum
sil move gal
tri support bud
tun move ion
tyr support tri
tys move gol
ven support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
remove nap
remove war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
bal support ber move kie
bel hold
ber move kie
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
bur support bel
den move kie
gre move ion
lon move nwy via convoy
mar move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun move boh
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp
pie move ven
rum support tri move ser
ser support bul move rum
sev move arm
sil move war
stp move lvn
tri move ser
tun support wes move tys
tus support ven move rom
tyr move tri
ukr move gal
ven move rom
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom disband
ser move gre
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
arm move ank
bal support hol move kie
bel hold
boh move vie
bud support tyr move tri
bul support gre move ser
bur move mar
den move kie
gal move sil
gre move ser
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie move ber
lvn support stp move mos
nwy move stp
rom support tys move nap
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tri support gre move ser
tun move ion
tus support spa/sc move gol
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ven support tyr move tri
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
England: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet bre
remove ion
build Army lon
build Army mun
build Army par
remove sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support gre move ser
ank move con
arm move smy
bel support par move bur
ber hold
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul support gre move ser
gre move ser
kie move hol
lvn move war
gol move wes
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun hold
nap support tun move ion
nth move hel
nrg move nth
par move bur
rom move apu
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
stp move mos
swe move den
tri move alb
tun move ion
tus move tys
ven hold
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
England: supply ank
France: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move ser
apu move ven
bel move hol
ber move kie
bud move gal
bul support ion move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move kie
eng move lon
gre support alb move ser
hel support swe move den
hol move kie
ion move gre
lvn move war
mos support lvn move war
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth support bel move hol
pie support ven move tyr
rum hold
sev move rum
swe move den
tri move ser
tys support nap move ion
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
England: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
England: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army con
England: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
England: army smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army edi
remove gre
build Fleet lvp
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
England: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army con
England: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
England: army smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
ber move kie
boh support mun
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move bel
gal move war
hel move den
hol support bur move ruh
ion move aeg
lon move yor
lvp move iri
mos move ukr
mun support ber move kie
nap move apu
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
pie move tyr
rum move ser
sev support mos move ukr
ska move swe
smy move arm
tri move ser
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr support gal move war
ven support tyr move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
England: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
England: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: army bur
England: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Germany: army/dislodged tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
England: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
England: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: army bur
England: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
alb move gre
apu move adr
arm move ank
bel support hol
bul support tri move ser
bur support ruh move mun
den move swe
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion move gre
mid hold
nth convoy yor move den
nwy support den move swe
ruh move mun
sev move rum
tri move ser
tyr support ruh move mun
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
war move gal
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
England: army ank
England: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
England: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: army bur
England: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Germany: army/dislodged rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
England: army ank
England: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
England: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
England: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
ank move con
bel move nth
bre move eng
bul move rum
bur move ruh
edi move yor
gre support ser move bul
iri move eng
kie move ber
lvp move wal
mid support bre move eng
mar move bur
mun move ber
nth support swe move ska
par move pic
rum move bud
ser move bul
swe move ska
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
England: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
England: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
England: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
England: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move con
bel move nth
bud support gal move vie
bul support aeg move con
bur move ruh
den support kie
eng support mid move iri
gal move vie
gre move aeg
hol support ruh move kie
ion move eas
iri move eng
kie support yor move hol
mid move iri
mun support ruh move kie
nth convoy yor move hol
pic move bel
ruh move kie
rum move bul
tyr support vie
vie move bud
war move sil
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
England: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
England: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet/dislodged iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
England: army vie
France: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
iri move nat
vie move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
England: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army wal
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
England: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army wal
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank move con
bel move nth
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul move con
bur move mun
den support kie
eas support aeg move smy
edi support nth
eng support bel move nth
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
iri move lvp
kie support sil move ber
lon support wal
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mun move ber
nat support lvp move iri
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy move swe
pic move bel
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bul
sil move ber
swe move bal
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie support bud move tri
wal support lon
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army con
England: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army wal
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank move con
bal convoy swe move ber
bel move hol
bud support rum move ser
bur support mun
con support gre move bul
den support kie
eas move smy
edi support nth
eng support mid
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
iri move eng
kie support swe move ber
lon support wal
mid support eng
mun support hol move kie
nat move mid
nth support iri move eng
pic move bel
pie move tyr
ruh support hol move kie
rum move ser
sil support swe move ber
swe move ber via convoy
tri move ser
tyr move tri
vie support bud
wal support lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: army con
England: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
France: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: supply rum
England: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: fleet smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army wal
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
