PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bre move gas
bud move rum
edi move nth
kie move den
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
ven move tus
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move ank
ber move sil
bla support sev move ank
bot move bal
bur move bel
con move bul
gal move war
gas hold
ion hold
lon move eng
nap move gre via convoy
pic move bel
rum move bul
sev move ank via convoy
tri move adr
tus move ven
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
ank move con
arm move ank
bla support sev move ank
bud move ser
bur move bel
con move bul
den move hel
gas move bre
mar move gol
mun move boh
nap move gre
nth move hel
pic move bel
rum move ukr
sev move ank
sil support mun move boh
spa move por
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
boh move vie
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move adr
bla support sev move rum
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move ska
eng move bel
ion move gre
gol move tys
nap move gre
pic move bel
ser move gre
sev move rum
ukr move mos
ven hold
vie move gal
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army mar
build Army smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
ank move con
bal move swe
bla support rum
boh move vie
bud move vie
bul move gre
con move bul
eng move bel
ion convoy nap move tun
mar move pie
mos move stp
nap move tun via convoy
nth convoy yor move hol
pic move bel
por move spa
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser move gre
ska move nwy
smy move con
tys move tun
ven hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bla support rum move bul
boh support mun move tyr
bul move gre
con move bul
eng move bel
gal move vie
ion convoy nap move tun
mun move tyr
nth convoy yor move hol
pic move bel
rum move bul
ser move gre
sil move boh
smy move con
spa move mar
tys move tun
ven hold
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu move ion
bla support bul
bre support pic
bud move gal
bul hold
con move bul
eng move bel
hol move kie
ion move tys
lon move nth
mar move pie
nap move rom
nth move hel
nwy move swe
par move pic
pic move bel
pie move tus
ser move gre
sev move mos
smy move con
stp move fin
swe move bot
tri move bud
tun move ion
tyr move ven
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu move adr
bla move bul/ec
boh move vie
bot move stp/sc
bre move pic
bud hold
bul move ser
con move rum
eng move bel
fin move stp
gal move ukr
hel move den
mos support war
mun move tyr
nth support eng move bel
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move ven
rom support ven
sil move boh
smy move con
swe hold
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support boh move vie
tys move gol
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army sev
remove ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
bla move rum
boh move vie
bot support mos move stp
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul/ec move rum
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den move hel
edi move yor
gre move ser
ion move nap
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp move wal
gol move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nth support bel
pic move bel
pie move ven
rom move tus
ser move gre
sev support bul/ec move rum
smy move con
tri move ser
tus move rom
tyr support vie move tri
ven support rom move tus
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ser
bel hold
bla move rum
bot support stp
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
eng support bel
hel move hol
mun move kie
nth move nwy
pic move bel
pie move ven
rom support ven move tus
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
spa/sc hold
swe move bal
tri move ven
tus support pie move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven move tus
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
remove bud
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Army smy
remove tus
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bal support kie move ber
bel support wal move pic
ber move kie
bla move rum
bot support stp move fin
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
eng convoy wal move pic
gre move alb
hol support ber move kie
kie move ber
mar move spa
mun support kie move ber
nwy move ska
pic move bel
pie move tus
rom hold
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
spa/sc hold
stp move fin
tyr move ven
ven move rom
wal move pic via convoy
yor move wal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: army/dislodged ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army/dislodged fin
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army/dislodged pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
pic move par
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
arm move smy
bla move sev
bot move swe
eng support pic move bre
fin move nwy
mar move spa
nap hold
pic move bre
ruh move kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil move gal
ska move nth
spa/sc move por
tri move bud
tus move rom
tyr move ven
ven move rom
wal move yor
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
remove gal
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army stp
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move pru
bel move pic
ber support mun move kie
bud move ser
bul support smy move con
eng move mid
hol move hel
kie move den
lon move eng
mar move gas
mos move sev
mun move kie
nth move den
nwy support swe
rum support mos move sev
smy move con
stp support nwy
tus support ven move rom
tyr move ven
ven move rom
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Germany: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
bre move gas
bul support con
con support bul
gas move bre
hel move den
lon move hol via convoy
mid support bre move gas
nth convoy lon move hol
par support gas move bre
rom support ven move tus
rum hold
sev support rum
stp move lvn
tus move pie
ven move tus
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
ber move bal
bre move gas
bul support con
den move kie
gal move rum
gas support par move bre
gre move bul
hol support den move kie
lvn move war
mid move gas
mos move ukr
mun support kie
par move bre
pic move bre
pie move ven
por move spa/sc
rom move apu
rum move bla
sev move arm
sil move war
spa move por
stp move lvn
tus move rom
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support rom move nap
arm move smy
bal move den
bla move ank
bre hold
bul support rum move ser
con support arm move smy
den move kie
eng support bre
gas support par move bre
gre move bul
hol support den move kie
kie support bal move den
lvn support ukr move war
mid support por move spa
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth move hel
par move bre
por move spa/sc
rom move nap
rum move ser
ser move tri
sil move war
smy hold
stp move fin
ukr move war
ven move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
France: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move mun
spa move mar
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove ion
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bre hold
con support bul
eng move mid
fin move swe
gas move spa
hel support kie
hol support kie
kie hold
lvn move pru
mid move por
mar support gas move spa
mos move ukr
pic support bre
rum move bud
spa/sc move mar
swe move bal
ven move tri
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa/sc move wes
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
bal support pru move ber
bla move con
bre move gas
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
con move bul
den move kie
gre move bul
hel support kie
hol support kie
kie hold
mid support por move spa
mun support den move kie
nap move rom
pic move bre
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
ser move tri
sil move pru
tyr support ser move tri
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
France: army/dislodged tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
tri move alb
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army mos
remove rom
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support ber
bla support con move bul
bud support ser move tri
con move bul
den move kie
gal move vie
gas support spa/sc move mar
hel move den
hol move bel
kie support hel move den
mid move por
mar move gas
mos support ukr move war
mun support den move kie
par support mar move gas
pru support sil move ber
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move ber
smy move con
spa/sc move mar
stp/sc move bot
tri move bud
tyr move vie
ukr move war
ven move tyr
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
England: army/dislodged gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Germany: army/dislodged tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hol
tri move alb
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ven move tri
bal support ber
bel move pic
bre move eng
bud support tri
bul move ser
con move bul
den hold
gal move vie
gas move bre
gre move bul
kie move ber
mos move lvn
mun support kie move ber
par support gas move bre
pru support kie move ber
rum support bul move ser
sil support kie move ber
tun move tys
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet edi
build Army lvp
build Army mos
build Army stp
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bla move con
bot move swe
bre move pic
bud support ser move tri
con move bul
den support hol move kie
edi move nth
eng support pic
gre move bul
hol move kie
lvn support swe move pru
lvp move wal
mar move gol
mos move war
mun support ber move kie
par support bre move pic
pic hold
por move mid
pru move war
rum move ser
ser move tri
sil support pru move war
stp move mos
swe move pru via convoy
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys move rom
war move gal
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Germany: army/dislodged tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move kie
ber move kie
bla move con
bre move gas
bud support tri
con move bul
den move kie
eng convoy wal move bre
gal support mos move war
gre move bul
hol support den move kie
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support mos move war
mid support wal move bre
mos move war
mun move ruh
nth convoy lon move bel
par move bur
pic support wal move bre
rom hold
ser support tri
sil move pru
tri support vie
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
wal move bre via convoy
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove gas
build Army lon
build Army mos
remove ruh
build Army sev
remove tyr
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support swe move pru
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bla move con
bre move gas
bud move tri
bur move mar
con move bul
edi move nrg
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move boh
gre move bul
hol move hel
lon move pic via convoy
lvn support swe move pru
gol move mar
mid move wes
mos support war
nth move ska
pic move par
pru move war
rom move nap
ser support con move bul
sil support pru move war
stp move swe via convoy
swe move pru via convoy
tri move ven
vie support gal move boh
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move mun
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move pru
boh support war move sil
bot move bal
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move aeg
eng move nth
gas support pic move bur
gre move bul
hel move den
kie hold
lvn support bal move pru
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nap hold
nrg move nwy
nwy support swe
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
ruh support kie
ser support bul move gre
sil support mun move boh
ska support nrg move nwy
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tri move alb
vie support boh
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ber
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bal move ber
bel move hol
boh support war move sil
gas move mar
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move war
mun support sil move boh
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move bel
nrg move nwy
par move gas
pru support bal move ber
rom move tys
ruh support lon move bel
ser move bul
sev move bla
sil move boh
ska support nrg move nwy
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
ukr move gal
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh move vie
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support nth move hol
bla move con
boh move sil
den support kie
gal move boh
kie hold
gol support tun move tys
mos move ukr
mun support boh move sil
nap move tys
nth move hol
nwy hold
pru move bal
ruh support kie
sil move mun
stp move fin
swe support nwy
tri support tyr
tun move tys
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven support mun move tyr
vie support gal move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
England: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move gal
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
