PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move arm
bla move rum
bul move rum
con move bla
gal move vie
gas move spa
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mun move boh
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pie support adr move ven
rom support ven
ser support bul move rum
tri move ven
ukr support bla move rum
ven support pie move tyr
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move bla
arm move sev
ber move pru
bla support ukr move rum
boh move sil
bot move swe
bre move pic
bul move rum
con support ank move bla
edi move nth
hol move bel
kie move ruh
nap move apu
nth move ska
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move tyr
por move mid
rom support ven
ser support bul move rum
sev support ukr move rum
spa move mar
tri move vie
tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven support pie move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move bul/ec
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move adr
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla support arm move sev
bur move mun
con move bul/ec
ion move gre
mid move eng
mar move bur
nth support pic move bel
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pru move war
rom move ven
ruh support sil move mun
rum support arm move sev
ser move bud
sil move mun
ska support nwy move swe
tyr support bur move mun
ukr support sev
ven move tri
vie support ser move bud
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
sev move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bot
remove bul/ec
build Fleet edi
build Army mun
build Army nap
build Army par
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move gre
ank move rum via convoy
bel support bur move ruh
bla convoy ank move rum
bud move tri
bur move ruh
con move bul/sc
edi move nth
eng support bel
gal move rum
hol move bel
ion convoy nap move alb
lon hold
mar move bur
mos support ukr move sev
mun hold
nap move alb via convoy
nth move hel
par support mar move bur
ruh support hol move bel
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil support mun
ska move den
swe move bal
tri support nap move alb
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie support bud move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move ser
ank move sev via convoy
arm support ank move sev
bal move ber
bel move hol
bla convoy ank move sev
bud move ser
bul/sc support gre
bur move ruh
den move kie
eng move bel
gal support sev move rum
gre hold
hel support lon move hol
hol move kie
ion move gre
lon move hol via convoy
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun hold
nth convoy lon move hol
par support mar move bur
ruh support mun
rum support ank move sev
sev move rum
sil move ber
tri support alb move ser
tyr move boh
ven support tri
vie move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move ser
arm move sev
bal support den move kie
bel support bur move ruh
bla convoy arm move rum
boh move mun
bud move ser
bul/sc support gre
bur move ruh
den move kie
edi move yor
eng move mid
gal move ukr
gre move ion
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
ion move aeg
lon move eng
mar support par move bur
mos support rum move sev
mun move tyr
nth support lon move eng
par move bur
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sev support ukr move mos
sil move war
tri support rum move bud
ukr move mos
ven support tri
vie move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move gre
alb support tri move ser
arm move smy
bal move ber
bel hold
bla move con
boh move mun
bud support vie move tri
bul/sc hold
bur support bel
eng support yor move bel
gal support rum
gre move alb
hel move den
hol support yor move bel
kie support hol
lvn move stp
mid move bre
mar move gas
mos move stp
nth convoy yor move bel
ruh support bel
sev support ukr move mos
tri move ser
tyr move ven
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie move tri
war support ukr move mos
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army rom
remove tyr
remove war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move gre
bel hold
ber support kie
bre move mid
bud support vie move tri
bur support bel
den move ska
eng move pic
gal move bud
gas move par
gre move ion
hol support kie
kie support hol
lon move eng
lvn move stp
mar move spa/sc
mun move kie
nth support lon move eng
rom move ven
ruh support bel
ser support gal move bud
ven move tri
vie move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support ser
ank move con
bel move pic
ber support kie
bud support tri move vie
bul/sc support con move aeg
bur move gas
con move aeg
edi move yor
eng support pic move bel
gre support rum move bul
hol support pic move bel
ion move nap
kie support hol
mid move nat
mos move war
mun hold
nth support pic move bel
par move bre
pic move bel
ruh hold
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
ska move nwy
smy hold
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
tri move vie
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move bur
vie move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove gal
build Fleet lvp
remove mun
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move bul
alb move ser
ank move arm
bel move eng
ber hold
bre support bur move pic
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move pic
con support smy move bul
eng move mid
gas move cly via convoy
gre support smy move bul
hol support lon move bel
ion move tys
kie hold
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move iri
mid convoy gas move cly
nat convoy gas move cly
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move bel
rom move nap
ruh hold
rum support smy move bul
ser move bud
ska move nwy
smy move bul via convoy
stp move nwy
tyr move tri
vie support ser move bud
war move mos
yor move lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move bal
bre move par
bud support vie move gal
bul move gre
cly support nat move lvp
con move bul
eng move mid
gal move war
gre hold
hol support bel
iri support eng move mid
kie hold
lon move yor
lvp move edi
mid move iri
mos move war
nat move lvp
nap hold
nth move edi
pic hold
ruh hold
rum move ser
ser support gre
ska move nwy
stp move nwy
tri support ser
tys move tun
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army/dislodged lvp
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gal move ukr
gre move alb
lvp move wal
mid move nat
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove ion
build Army smy
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb support ser move gre
ank move arm
bel move eng
bre move mid
bud support gal move rum
bul move rum
cly move edi
con move bul
gal move rum
gre hold
hol move kie
iri move nat
kie move hel
lvp hold
mid support bel move eng
mos move lvn
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nth support ska move nwy
par move bur
pic move bel
ruh hold
rum move ukr
ser move gre
sev move mos
ska move nwy
smy move con
stp move lvn
tri move ser
tun support nap move ion
ven move tyr
wal move lvp
yor support wal move lvp
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
lvp move cly
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb support gre
arm move sev
bel hold
bre move mid
bud support rum
bul support sev move rum
bur support bel
cly move nrg
con hold
edi hold
eng move bre
gre hold
hel move hol
ion move eas
kie support hel move hol
lvp support yor move edi
mid move por
mos support stp
nat move cly
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
nwy support nth move nrg
ruh move mun
ser support rum
sev move rum
smy hold
tun move ion
ukr support sev move rum
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
remove cly
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
bar move nwy
bel hold
bre support lon move eng
bud support rum
bul support aeg move gre
bur support bel
con move smy
eas support ion move aeg
edi move yor
gre hold
hol support nrg move nth
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lon move eng
mid move spa/nc
mos move ukr
mun hold
nat move mid
nap move ion
nrg move nth
nwy hold
por support nat move mid
rum hold
ser support rum
sev move rum
smy move syr
stp hold
tyr move vie
ukr move gal
ven move apu
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move ion
apu move ven
bar move nwy
bel hold
ber move mun
bre move gas
bud support rum move gal
bul move rum
bur support bel
con support smy
eas hold
eng support yor move bel
gal move boh
gre support ser move bul
hol support yor move bel
ion move tys
lvp move wal
mid support por move spa
mun move ber
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy move stp/nc
por move spa/sc
rum move gal
ser move bul
sev support bul move rum
smy hold
spa/nc hold
stp move mos
ukr support bul move rum
vie support rum move gal
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bel disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bel support wal move pic
ber move mun
bud move ser
bul move con
bur move ruh
con move bul/ec
eas move smy
edi move nrg
eng convoy wal move pic
gal move rum
gas move mid
gre move bul
hol move kie
ion move tun
lon move nwy via convoy
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mar support tys move gol
mos move stp
mun move kie
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy support mos move stp
rum move ser
sev move mos
smy hold
spa/sc move mar
stp/nc support lon move nwy
syr support smy
tys move gol
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tyr
vie move bud
wal move pic via convoy
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move bla
mos move war
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bel move ruh
ber support hol move kie
bla move con
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
con move ank
eas move smy
gal move ukr
hol move kie
iri move mid
lon move hol via convoy
gol move tys
mid move naf
mar support gol
mos support nwy move stp
mun support ruh move kie
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pic move par
ruh move kie
rum move bul
smy support bla move con
spa/sc support wes move gol
stp/nc support nrg move nwy
syr support smy
tun move tys
tyr move boh
ukr support rum
vie move bud
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
gol move pie
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet rom
remove stp/nc
remove syr
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank hold
bar support nwy move stp
bel support par move bur
ber move mun
boh support gal move sil
bud move vie
bul move rum
con support smy move ank
eas move ion
edi move nwy via convoy
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move sil
hol move kie
lon move pic via convoy
mid move wes
mar hold
mos move stp
mun support ruh move kie
naf support mid move wes
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pie support mar
rom move tys
ruh move kie
rum move gal
ser move tri
smy move ank
spa/sc support gol
tun hold
ukr move war
war move pru
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Italy: army/dislodged ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
France: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
France: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar support nwy move stp
bel move ruh
ber move kie
boh move mun
bur move mar
con move bla
eng move mid
gal move ukr
gre move alb
hol support ber move kie
ion support tys move tun
mar support tys move gol
mun move ber
naf support wes
nth move hel
nrg move nth
nwy move stp
pic move bur
pie move gol
pru move ber
ruh move mun
rum move gal
sil support mun move ber
spa/sc support bur move mar
stp hold
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tys move tun
vie move boh
war hold
wes support gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Turkey: army/dislodged stp
France: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lon
remove pru
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
arm move sev
bar hold
bel move ruh
ber support ruh move mun
bla convoy con move rum
boh support sil move mun
bur support bel move ruh
con move rum via convoy
gal move sil
hel move den
hol support kie
ion support tys move tun
kie support bel move ruh
lon move nwy via convoy
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support war move lvn
naf move tun
nth convoy lon move nwy
pie hold
rom move tus
ruh move mun
sil move mun
spa/sc move wes
stp move lvn
tun move wes
tyr support pie
tys move tun
ukr move war
vie move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
tys move nap
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
bar support nwy move stp
ber support boh move mun
bla move con
boh move mun
bur support kie move mun
den move bal
gal move sil
hol move kie
ion support tun
kie move mun
lvn move pru
gol move tus
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support war move lvn
naf move tun
nap move tys
nth hold
nwy move stp
pie move gol
ruh support kie move mun
rum move gal
sev move ukr
sil move pru
spa/sc support mid move wes
tri move ven
tun hold
tus support pie move gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys support naf move tun
ukr move war
war move lvn
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet/dislodged gol
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move mar
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal support kie move ber
bar support stp
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bur support ruh move mun
con move aeg
gal move boh
hol move kie
ion support tun move tys
kie move ber
lon move den via convoy
lvn support war move pru
gol move wes
mar move gol
mos move stp
naf support tys move tun
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move den
pie move tus
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support mar move gol
stp hold
tun move tys
tus support nap move rom
tyr support boh move mun
tys move tun
ukr move war
ven support tus
war move pru
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal convoy den move lvn
bar support stp
boh support mun
bur move mun
den move lvn via convoy
ion support nap move tys
kie support ber
lvn support mos move stp
gol support pie move tus
mos move stp
mun hold
naf support tys move tun
nap move tys
pie move tus
pru support sil move ber
rom support tus
ruh support bur move mun
sev move ukr
sil support mun
stp support den move lvn
tun move wes
tus support ven move pie
tyr support ven move pie
tys move tun
ven move pie
war support pru
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: army/dislodged pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move mar
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army ven
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support ber
bar support stp
ber support ruh move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bur move mun
den move kie
edi move hol via convoy
ion support tys
kie move hel
lon move yor
lvn hold
gol support tun move tys
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun move kie
naf move tun
nth convoy edi move hol
pie hold
pru move ber
rom support tys
sil support pru move ber
tun move tys
tus support pie
tyr move mun
tys hold
ukr move war
ven move tyr
war move pru
wes support tun move tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support ber
bar support stp
ber support den move kie
boh support mun
bur support ruh
den move kie
hel support den move kie
hol support ruh
ion move tun
lvn support pru
gol support wes
mar hold
mos support lvn
mun support pru move ber
naf support tun
nth convoy yor move bel
pru move ber
rom support tys
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support gol
stp hold
tun support wes
tus support tys
tyr support mun
tys support ion move tun
ukr move war
ven support pie
war move pru
wes support tun
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
