PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move gal
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri
ank move bla
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
edi move bel via convoy
ion move gre
kie move hol
mid move spa/nc
mos move stp
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
ruh move mun
sev move rum
spa move por
tri support bud move ser
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
bel move hol
bla move sev
bre move pic
bul move rum
bur support tyr move mun
con move bul
den move ska
edi move nrg
hol hold
ion move tun
kie support mun
lon move eng
mun support ruh
nth support bel move hol
nwy move swe
par support bur
por move spa
ruh support hol
rum support sev move bla
ser move tri
sev move bla
smy move aeg
spa/nc move mid
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move bar
tyr move pie
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar support nrg move nwy
bel support bur move ruh
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
eng support bel
hol hold
ion move nap
kie support hol
mid move wes
mun support ruh
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move ven
ruh support hol
rum support ukr move sev
ser move tri
sev move arm
ska move den
spa move mar
stp support nwy
tyr hold
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move swe
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move bla
bar move stp/nc
bel support bur move ruh
bla support ank move arm
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move nth
eng move nth
gre move aeg
hol support ruh
kie support hol
mar support par move bur
mun support ruh
nap move rom
nth move hel
nwy support bar move stp
par move bur
pic support bel
pie move tyr
ruh support hol
rum support arm move bla
ser hold
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
ven support pie move tyr
vie move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bar support nwy
bel move hol
bla convoy con move rum
bul support con move rum
bur move ruh
con move rum via convoy
eng move nth
hel support bel move hol
hol support ruh
ion move nap
kie support hol
mar support par move bur
mun support ruh
nwy support eng move nth
par move bur
pic support bel
pie move tyr
rom move nap
ruh support hol
rum move bul/ec
ser hold
sev hold
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tys support ion move nap
ukr support sev
ven move rom
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Army mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
arm support ank move sev
bar move stp/nc
bel support hel move hol
bla convoy ank move sev
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move ruh
den hold
gre move ion
hel move hol
hol hold
kie support den
mar support par move bur
mos support sev
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nth support hel move hol
nwy support bar move stp
par move bur
pic support bel
pie move tus
rom move nap
ruh support hol
rum move gal
ser hold
sev hold
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tys support nap move rom
ukr support sev
ven move apu
vie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
apu move nap
arm support ank move sev
bar support nwy
bel support bur move ruh
bla convoy ank move sev
bur move ruh
den move nth
gal move war
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move hol
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun support ruh
nth support hol
nwy hold
par move bur
pic support par move bur
ruh support kie move hol
rum support ank move sev
ser hold
sev hold
stp move lvn
swe hold
tyr move ven
tys move tun
ukr move war
ven move rom
vie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bar move nwy
bel support hol
bla convoy con move rum
bur support pic
con move rum via convoy
den move nth
gal support rum move ukr
hol support lon move nth
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvn move pru
mos support ukr move war
mun support ruh
nap support ven move rom
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par support bur
pic support bur
pie move tyr
ruh support kie move hol
rum move ukr
ser hold
sev move mos
swe hold
tri support tyr move ven
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys move tun
ukr move war
ven move rom
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move hol
bur support pic move bel
den support kie
gal move war
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie support den
lon move nth
mos hold
mun move ber
nap support rom
nwy support lon move nth
par support bur
pic move bel
pie move tyr
pru support war
rom support nap
ruh move mun
ser hold
sev move mos
ska support swe move den
swe move bal
tri support ven
tys move tun
ukr support sev move mos
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
mos move stp
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bal
build Fleet mar
remove nwy
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bel move ruh
ber support mun
bla convoy ank move sev
bur support bel move ruh
con move aeg
gal move sil
hel support ruh move kie
hol support ruh move kie
ion move tys
kie move ruh
mar support pie
mos move stp
mun support kie move ruh
nap support rom
nth move den
par support bur
pie hold
pru support war
rom support nap
ruh move kie
rum move gal
ser hold
ska support nth move den
stp move mos
tri move adr
tus move tun
tyr support ven move pie
tys convoy tus move tun
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie move tri
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move swe
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
ber support mun
bur move mun
den support kie
gal support ukr move war
hel support kie
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie support bur move mun
mar support pie
mos move stp
mun support ber
nap hold
par move bur
pie hold
pru support war
rom support ven move tus
ruh support bur move mun
ser hold
sev move mos
sil support ukr move war
ska move nwy
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys support tun
ukr move war
ven move tus
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Fleet lvp
remove pru
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bel support lon move nth
ber hold
bla convoy con move sev
bur move mun
con move sev via convoy
den move bal
edi move nrg
gal move boh
hel move den
ion move tys
kie support mun move ber
lon move nth
lvp move iri
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move ber
nap move rom
pie move tyr
rom move apu
ruh support bur move mun
ser move bud
sev move ukr
sil support ber
ska move nwy
stp hold
swe move bal
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
tys move nap
ven support tus move pie
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
pie move mar
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel move eng
ber hold
boh move mun
bud move vie
bur move mun
den move bal
hel move den
ion convoy nap move apu
iri move mid
kie support mun move ber
lvn support mos move stp
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move ber
nap move apu via convoy
nth move ska
nrg move bar
nwy support stp
pie move mar
rom support apu move nap
ruh support bur move mun
sev move ukr
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support mar
stp hold
swe hold
tyr support boh move mun
tys move rom
ukr move war
ven move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove swe
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move ven
bal support ber
bar support stp
ber support bur move mun
bla convoy con move rum
bur move mun
con move rum via convoy
eng move mid
ion move tys
kie support bur move mun
lvn support war move pru
mid move naf
mar hold
mos support stp
nap support ion move tys
nwy move swe
pie move mar
rom hold
ruh support bur move mun
sil move ber
ska move nth
spa/sc move wes
stp hold
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys support tun
ukr move gal
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move pru
bar support stp
ber support bal move pru
boh move mun
den move bal
gal move boh
ion support tun
kie support mun
lvn support stp
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mar hold
mos support stp
mun support ber
naf support tun
nap support tys
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom hold
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
sil support boh move mun
stp hold
tun support naf
tus move pie
tyr support boh move mun
ven support tus move pie
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army/dislodged pru
England: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pru move war
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
bar support mos move stp
ber support mun move sil
boh move mun
edi move nwy via convoy
ion support tun
kie support mun
lvn support war move pru
gol support mar move pie
mid hold
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun move sil
naf move tun
nap support tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
pie move mar
pru hold
rom hold
ruh move mun
sil support boh move mun
stp hold
swe hold
tus move pie
tyr support boh move mun
ven support tus move pie
war move pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
England: fleet/dislodged pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
