PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move bla
bot move swe
bre move pic
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move bel
ser support alb move tri
sev move rum
spa move por
stp move nwy
tyr move boh
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber support kie move mun
bla convoy con move rum
boh support kie move mun
bud support ser
bul move ser
con move rum via convoy
den hold
eng support bel move pic
gre move alb
hol hold
kie move mun
mun move kie
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bre
por move spa
rum hold
ser support rum move bul
sev support rum
smy move aeg
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ukr support rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
war move gal
yor move nwy
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support bul move ser
ber support mun
bla convoy con move sev
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur hold
con move sev via convoy
den hold
eng move bre
fin support swe move nwy
gal support ukr move rum
hol move bel
ion move tys
mun hold
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic support eng move bre
rum move sev
ser support tri
sev move ukr
spa hold
swe move nwy
tri hold
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
yor move nwy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
tri move adr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel hold
ber move sil
bla convoy con move rum
boh move vie
bre support lon move eng
bud support ser
bul support con move rum
con move rum via convoy
den hold
fin move swe
gal move rum
gre move alb
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mos support rum move sev
mun hold
nap move tys
nth support lon move eng
nwy support fin move swe
pic move par
rum move sev
ser hold
sev move arm
tri support boh move vie
tys move wes
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tri
vie move tri
yor move wal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ser
arm move smy
bel hold
bla move ank
bre move mid
bud support tyr move vie
bul support alb move ser
con move smy
den hold
eng support bre move mid
gal move rum
gre move ion
mos move war
mun support ruh move bur
nwy support swe
par hold
ruh move bur
ser move tri
sev move bla
sil move war
swe support nwy
tri move bud
tyr move vie
tys move gol
ukr support gal move rum
ven support tri
vie support tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move gre
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet nap
remove tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move bul via convoy
bel move hol
ber move sil
bla convoy arm move bul
bud move gal
bul support ion move gre
bur move mar
con hold
den hold
eng convoy wal move bre
gre move bul
ion move gre
gol move mar
mid move por
mos move war
mun support sil move boh
nap move ion
par move bur
rum support arm move bul
ser move bud
sil move boh
tri support vie move bud
ukr support rum
ven move adr
vie move bud
wal move bre
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
arm move sev
bla move con
boh support gal move vie
bre move gas
bud move rum
bul support gre move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
den hold
gal move vie
gre move ser
hol move kie
ion move gre
gol move mar
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nwy support swe
par hold
rum move ser
ser support con move bul
sil hold
swe support nwy
tri move vie
tun move naf
ukr move sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Army sev
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
arm move ank
bla support sev move arm
boh support vie
bud move vie
bul move con
bur move mar
con move bul
den hold
eng move mid
gas move spa
gre move ser
ion move aeg
kie support den
lvp move iri
gol move mar
naf move mid
nwy support nth
par hold
por support gas move spa
rum move ser
ser support con move bul
sev move arm
sil hold
swe support den
tri support bud move vie
tyr move tri
tys move wes
ukr move rum
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move bla
arm move ank
bla support arm move ank
boh move tyr
bud support tri move vie
bul move con
bur move mar
con move bul
den hold
eng support iri move mid
gre support rum move ser
iri move mid
kie support den
gol move mar
naf move mid
par move bur
por support spa
rum move ser
ser support aeg move gre
sil hold
tri move vie
tyr move pie
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie hold
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gal
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Army rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support bla move con
bla move con
bud move tri
bul support rum move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
den hold
gre support bul
kie support den
gol support rom move tus
mos move war
naf move mid
par move bur
pie support bur move mar
rom move tus
rum move ser
ser support aeg move gre
sil move boh
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move boh
war move ukr
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move smy
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank move smy
bud support ven move tri
bul support gre move ser
bur move mun
con support ank move smy
den hold
eng convoy lon move pic
gre move ser
iri move mid
kie support den
lon move pic
gol support wes move spa
mid move por
mar support pie
mos move ukr
pie support tyr move ven
por support iri move mid
rum move bud
ser support aeg move bul
sil move boh
smy move con
tus move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war support ukr move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army/dislodged spa
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mid move gas
smy move arm
spa move gas
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army ber
build Army mos
build Army rom
remove ser
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
ber move sil
boh support mun move tyr
bud support tyr move vie
bul support gre move ser
con move ank
den hold
eng move bre
gal move bud
gre move ser
kie move hol
gol move mar
mid support por move spa
mar support por move spa
mos move sev
mun move tyr
pic move bur
pie support ven
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
rum support gal move bud
sev move bla
smy move ank
spa/sc support gol move mar
tri support rom move ven
tus move pie
tyr move vie
ukr move gal
ven support mun move tyr
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move apu
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
arm move smy
bla convoy sev move ank
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud support gal move vie
bul support ser
bur move gas
con move aeg
den hold
gal move vie
hol hold
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar support pie
nth hold
pie support tyr move ven
rum support bud
ser hold
sev move ank via convoy
sil move boh
smy move ank
spa/sc support mid move wes
tri support ven
tus move pie
tyr move ven
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bla move con
boh move sil
bud support vie
bul support sev move rum
den move kie
eng convoy lon move bre
gas move spa
hol move hel
lon move bre
mar hold
mos move lvn
mun move boh
nap move rom
nwy move nrg
pie move ven
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move pru
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri hold
tus move pie
tyr support pie move ven
tys move tun
ven move tyr
vie support ser move tri
war support rum move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move adr
ven move apu
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
apu move nap
boh move gal
bre move par
bud support vie
bul move gre
con move aeg
eng move nth
gal support war
hel move den
ion move tun
kie support hel move den
lvn support war
gol convoy spa move tus
mar move pie
nth move edi
nrg support nwy
nwy support nrg
pie move ven
pru support sil move war
rom support ven
rum support gal
sil move war
smy move con
spa move tus
swe move den
tri support apu move ven
tyr support ven
tys move tun
ven support rom
vie support tri
war support gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet lvp
remove pie
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
boh support sil
bud support vie
con move bul
den move bal
edi move nrg
gre move ser
ion move tun
kie move den
lvn support war
lvp move nat
gol move tys
mar move bur
nth support edi move nrg
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
par move bur
pru hold
rom hold
rum move ukr
sil support boh
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
war support gal
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
bal support pru
boh support sil
bot support swe
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
den hold
edi support nat move nrg
gal support vie
ion move adr
lvn support pru
mar move bur
nat move nrg
nap hold
nth support nat move nrg
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
par move bur
pru hold
rom support tys move nap
ser move tri
sil support boh
swe support den
tri hold
tus move pie
tys support wes move tun
ukr support war
ven support tri
vie support ser move tri
war support lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Germany: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nrg move bar
tri move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army lon
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
bal move bot
bar support stp move nwy
boh support tyr
bot support nwy move swe
bud support vie
den move swe
edi move nth
gal support sil
ion support nap
lvn support war
mar move bur
nap move apu
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pru support sil move war
rom support tys move nap
ser support tri
sev move bla
sil move war
stp move nwy
swe move fin
tri support vie
tun move ion
tyr support boh
tys support tun move ion
ukr support war
ven support tyr
vie support gal
war support gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
apu move rom
bal move bot
bar support stp move nwy
bla move con
boh support tyr
bot support nwy move swe
bud support vie
den move swe
fin support stp move nwy
gal support war
ion hold
lvn support war
mar move bur
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move tus
pru support sil move war
rom support tys move nap
ser support tri
sil move war
ska support den move swe
stp move nwy
tri support vie
tun move ion
tyr support ven
tys move nap
ukr support war
ven support tyr
vie support gal
war support gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet ber
remove con
build Army edi
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
bal move lvn
bar support nwy
ber move bal
boh move gal
bot support lvn
bud support vie
bur move mun
edi move cly
fin support nwy
gal support war
ion hold
lon move yor
lvn support war
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy hold
pru support bal move lvn
rom move tus
ser support tri
sil support boh move gal
ska support nth move nwy
stp support nwy
swe move fin
tri support vie
tun support nap move ion
tyr support ven
ukr support war
ven support rom move tus
vie support gal
war support lvn
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: army/dislodged tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
tus disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ion
bal move lvn
bar support nwy
ber move bal
boh move vie
bot support lvn
bud support vie
fin support nwy
gal support war
lvn support war
mun move tyr
nap support tun move ion
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
pru support sil move war
ser support tri
sil move war
ska support nth move nwy
stp support nwy
swe move fin
tri support vie
tun move ion
tus move pie
tyr move tri
ukr support war
ven support tyr move tri
vie support gal
war support gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ion
bal move lvn
bar support nwy
ber move bal
boh move vie
bud support vie
fin support nwy
gal support vie
ion hold
lon move eng
lvn support war
mun move boh
nap support tun move ion
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy support ska move swe
pie move ven
pru support bal move lvn
ser support tri
sil move war
ska support nth move nwy
stp support nwy
swe move fin
tri support vie
tun move ion
tyr support boh move vie
ukr support war
ven move tri
vie support gal
war support gal
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
lvn disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ion
bal support lvn move bot
bar support fin move stp
boh move gal
bot support fin move stp
bud support vie
bur support mun
eng move mid
fin move stp
gal support war
ion support adr
lvn move bot
mun move boh
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
pru move war
ser support tri
sil support pru move war
ska support nth move nwy
stp move mos
swe move fin
tri support vie
tun move tys
tyr move tri
ukr support war
ven support tyr move tri
vie support gal
war support stp move mos
yor move wal
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
remove pie
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
bal move den
bar move stp/nc
boh move sil
bot support fin move swe
bud support vie
fin move swe
gal support war
ion support adr
lon move eng
mid move wes
mos support stp move lvn
mun move boh
nap support tys move ion
nrg move bar
nwy support ska move swe
pru move lvn
ser support tri
sev move bla
sil move pru
ska move swe
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tri support vie
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr support war
ven support tyr move tri
vie support gal
war support stp move lvn
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
bal move lvn
bar move stp/nc
bla move con
boh move gal
bot support fin move swe
bud support vie
den move kie
eng convoy wal move bre
fin move swe
gal support war
ion support adr
lvn move mos
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nwy support bar move stp
pru move war
ser support tri
sil support pru move war
ska move nth
stp/nc move nwy
tri support vie
tyr move tri
ukr support war
ven support tyr move tri
vie support gal
wal move bre via convoy
war support bal move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army lon
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ber move bal
boh move gal
bot move lvn
bre move gas
bud support vie
bur hold
cly move edi
con move aeg
gal support war
ion hold
kie move den
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn move pru
mos support war
mun move boh
nap support tys move ion
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move ska
pru support bot move lvn
ser support tri
sev support mos
sil support boh move gal
tri support vie
tun support tys move ion
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie support gal
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Russia: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army/dislodged pru
Russia: fleet pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move eas
pru move ber
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
bud support vie
eas hold
gal support war
mos support war
nap move apu
pru hold
rum support gal
ser support tri
sev move ukr
tri hold
tun move tys
vie hold
war hold
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
