PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul/ec
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move bel
gal move vie
gas move spa
ion move gre
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move pie
mun move ruh
nth convoy edi move nwy
smy move ank
stp move nwy
tri move vie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move con
bel move eng
ber hold
bot move swe
bre move gas
bul hold
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move yor
gal move rum
hol move kie
ion move gre
kie move bal
lvp move cly
mar move gol
nth move nwy
por move mid
rom move tus
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser support ion move gre
smy move eas
spa move mar
stp move nwy
tri move bud
ven hold
vie support tri move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move ion
bal convoy kie move lvn
ber move pru
bot move bal
bud support vie move gal
bul move ser
cly move nrg
con support bul
den move swe
eas move ion
gal move bud
gas move spa
gre hold
kie move lvn via convoy
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar support pie
mun move sil
nth convoy yor move nwy
pie hold
rum support bul move ser
ser move rum
stp move nwy
tus move rom
ven hold
vie move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
gal move war
ser move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
bal support lvn
bot move lvn
bud support tri move ser
con move bul
eng move nth
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
ion move gre
lvn hold
mar move pie
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
pie move tyr
pru support sil move war
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move rum
sil move war
smy move eas
spa move tus via convoy
stp support bot move lvn
swe support bal
tri move ser
tys convoy spa move tus
ven support rom
war move mos
wes convoy spa move tus
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move bot
bar move stp/nc
bot move lvn
bud move rum
con move bul
eas move ion
gal move vie
gre support eas move ion
ion move tys
lvn move mos
mos support bot move lvn
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
pie support tyr move ven
pru move lvn
rom move tus
ruh move hol
rum move bud
ser support con move bul
sev move rum
stp support bot move lvn
swe support bal move bot
tri move ser
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support tus move rom
ven move pie
war support lvn move mos
wes move tun
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
Russia: fleet/dislodged bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bot disband
ion move nap
mos move ukr
ven disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
remove sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bar convoy edi move stp
ber move sil
bot move lvn
bre move mid
bud support tri
bul support ser
con move aeg
edi move stp via convoy
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion move adr
mar move gol
mos support war move ukr
nrg convoy edi move stp
nwy support edi move stp
pru move war
rom move alb via convoy
rum move sev
ser support bul
smy move eas
stp move mos
swe move fin
tri support bud
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys support tun move ion
ukr support stp move mos
ven support tus move rom
vie support bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rom disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
alb support adr move tri
bar hold
bud move rum
bul move rum
eas move aeg
fin move bot
lvn move bal
mos hold
mun move tyr
nap hold
nth hold
nrg hold
nwy move swe
pru move war
ser support adr move tri
sev move rum
sil move boh
stp support mos
tri hold
ukr move rum
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army mar
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
bal move den
bar convoy edi move stp
bel move hol
boh move mun
bot move bal
bud hold
bul move rum
con move bul
edi move stp via convoy
gal support tyr move vie
gre support alb move ion
ion move eas
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move spa
mos move ukr
nap move tys
nrg convoy edi move stp
pie move tyr
ser support bul move rum
sev support ukr move mos
stp move mos
swe move lvn via convoy
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ukr move mos
ven support pie move tyr
vie hold
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bal move den
bar move nrg
bud hold
bul support rum
den move hel
eas move smy
edi move bel
gal move bud
gre support ion
ion support aeg move eas
gol move tys
mos support war move ukr
mun move kie
nap support tys move ion
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
rom hold
ser support tri
sev support ukr move mos
spa move tun via convoy
stp move mos
swe move den
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr move mos
ven support tyr move tri
vie support gal move bud
war move ukr
wes convoy spa move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move war
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move den
bel move ruh
bre move eng
bul support rum
eas support gre move aeg
gre move aeg
hel support bal move den
hol support kie move ruh
kie move ruh
lon move den via convoy
gol move spa/sc
mos move sev
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move ska
ser move tri
sev move arm
smy move con
stp move mos
swe support lon move den
tri move adr
tun move tus via convoy
tyr support ven move tri
tys convoy tun move tus
ukr support war move mos
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support ion
arm move ank
bal support hel move den
bel hold
bud support ukr move rum
bul support rum
con move ank
eas move smy
gal support ukr move rum
hel move den
hol support ruh move bel
lon hold
nap move ion
nth support ska move den
nwy move ska
ruh move bel
ser support rum
sev move mos
ska move den
spa/sc move mid
stp support sev move mos
swe support ska move den
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr move rum
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
arm move ank
bal move ber
bud move ser
bul move con
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move hel
gal support ukr move rum
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion support adr
mos move sev
nap hold
nth support den move hel
rom support tys move nap
rum move bul
ser hold
ska move den
smy support bul move con
swe support ska move den
tri move alb
tun move ion
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ukr move rum
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
alb move ser
ank support aeg move smy
bel support hol
ber move bal
bud support rum
bul support ser
con support bul
den support hel move kie
gal move ukr
hel move kie
hol support kie
ion move gre
kie hold
mid move nat
mun move ber
nap support tun move ion
nth move hol
rum hold
ser support ion move gre
sev move mos
smy support con
stp move mos
tri support alb move ser
tun move ion
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
smy move eas
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove eas
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri move ser
ank move smy
bal support mun move kie
bel move ruh
ber support kie
bud support tri move ser
bul move ser
con move bul
den move bal
edi move cly
eng move iri
gre support ser move alb
hol support mun move kie
ion move aeg
kie support den move bal
lon hold
lvp move iri
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move kie
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nth move hol
par move pic
rom move ven
rum support ukr move sev
ser move alb
sev support mos move ukr
smy support ion move aeg
tri move ser
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
France: army/dislodged alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
sev move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
alb move ser
ank move smy
bal support mun move kie
ber move mun
bud move gal
bul support alb move ser
bur move pic
cly move edi
con move smy
den move bal
eng convoy pic move wal
gre move alb
hol support mun move kie
ion move gre
kie support den move bal
lvp move iri
mos support ukr move sev
mun move kie
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move wal via convoy
ruh support mun move kie
rum support sev
ser support tri move alb
sev hold
smy move con
stp move nwy
tri move alb
tyr hold
ukr move sev
ven move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
France: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
kie disband
ser disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lvp
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal support kie
bre move eng
bul move rum
con move ank
den support mun move kie
edi move yor
eng move nth
gal move bud
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
iri support lvp move wal
kie move ber
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
mos move war
mun move kie
nth move eng
nrg support bre move nth
par move bre
pic hold
ruh support hol move kie
rum support gal move bud
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
smy support aeg move con
stp move nwy
swe support den
tri move bud
tyr move tri
ukr support mos move war
ven move tyr
wal move yor
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bul move con
bal move kie
ber support ruh move mun
bre move eng
bul move con
con support gre move bul
den move nth
edi move nth
eng move bel
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
hol support eng move bel
iri support nth move eng
mun move bur
nth move eng
nrg move nth
nwy support swe
par move bur
pic support eng move bel
ruh move mun
rum move ser
ser move bud
sev support gal move rum
smy move aeg
swe support nwy
tri support rum move ser
tyr move boh
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
wal support nth move eng
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
France: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
con move smy
mun disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove lon
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
ank support con move smy
bel support nrg move nth
ber move sil
boh move gal
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul/sc move con
con move smy
den move nth
edi support den move nth
eng move mid
hol move ruh
iri support eng move mid
kie move den
mar move spa/sc
mun move bur
nrg move nth
par move bur
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev hold
smy support bul/sc move con
swe support nwy
tri support rum move bud
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
wal move eng
war move mos
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
France: fleet/dislodged smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move eas
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support smy move con
bel move nth
bre move eng
bud support ser move rum
con move ank
den move nth
eas support aeg move smy
edi support den move nth
gal move war
iri support wal move eng
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun move boh
nrg support bel move nth
nwy move stp
par move bur
ruh move bel
rum move ser
ser move rum
sev hold
sil move war
smy move con
spa/sc move por
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move boh
wal move eng
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
France: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move bul/ec
rum move bul
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
bel move hol
ber move pru
bre support por move mid
bud move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
den move nth
eas move ion
edi support den move nth
eng move mid
gal support sil move war
iri support eng move mid
kie move den
lon support den move nth
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun move sil
par move gas
pic move bel
por move mid
rum move bul
sev move arm
sil move war
smy hold
spa/sc support eng move mid
tri move ven
tyr move pie
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
arm move ank
bre move mid
con move bul
den hold
edi support nth move nrg
gas support mar move spa
hol support nrg move nth
ion move tun
iri support lon move eng
lon move eng
gol move wes
mid move naf
mar move spa
mos support ukr move sev
nth move nrg
nrg move nth
por support bre move mid
pru move lvn
ruh hold
rum hold
ser hold
sil support war
smy move con
spa/sc move por
ukr move sev
ven move tus
war hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Germany: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: supply bul
France: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
France: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
remove gol
remove naf
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support con move smy
ber move kie
bre move eng
bul move gre
con move smy
edi support nth
eng support nth
gal move ukr
hol move nth
iri support eng
kie move hel
lvn move mos
mid move nat
mos support stp move lvn
nth support eng
nrg support hol move nth
pie move tyr
por move spa/sc
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support mos
smy move arm
spa move mar
stp support lvn move mos
tun move ion
tus move rom
war support lvn move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
arm move ank
bel hold
bre move eng
bul support ion move gre
den move swe
edi support nth
eng support nwy move bel
gas hold
gre move alb
hol move nth
ion move gre
iri move lvp
kie move hol
mid move iri
mar move spa
mos move sev
nat support mid move iri
nth convoy nwy move bel
nrg support hol move nth
nwy move bel via convoy
rom move tus
ruh support kie move hol
sil move boh
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
tyr move pie
ukr support mos move sev
war move mos
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove arm
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
remove stp
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel hold
ber move sil
boh support mun
bul support ank move con
edi hold
gas move bur
hol support ruh move bel
iri support nat move lvp
kie move den
lvp hold
mid move eng
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nat move lvp
nth support eng
nwy move fin
pie move tyr
ruh move bel
ser move tri
sev hold
smy move con
spa move gas
swe move nwy
tus move ven
ukr hold
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Germany: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army con
France: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
lvp disband
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army con
France: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
boh move vie
bre move eng
bul support con
bur support pic move bel
con hold
den move nth
gas move wal via convoy
gre hold
hel support den move nth
hol support bel
iri convoy gas move wal
mid convoy gas move wal
mun move tyr
nth support eng
nrg move nth
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie move tyr
sev hold
sil move boh
smy move aeg
stp hold
tri hold
ukr move mos
ven move tri
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Germany: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
France: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nth move lon
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Germany: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army con
Germany: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
