PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tus
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
apu move rom
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul/sc
den move swe
gal move vie
kie move hol
mid move por
mun move ruh
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
par move pic
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
spa hold
tri move vie
tus move pie
tys move tun
ukr support rum
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar support nwy move stp
bot move swe
bud support vie move gal
bul move rum
con move bla
den move nth
gal move ukr
gre hold
hol move bel
kie move hel
lon hold
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move ven
ruh support mun move bur
rum move bla
ser support bul move rum
smy move aeg
spa move gas
tri move alb
tun move wes
ukr move sev
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move ser
arm move sev
bar move nrg
boh move vie
bud move vie
bur move gas
con move bla
gal support ser move rum
gas move spa
gre hold
hel move den
hol support ruh move bel
lon hold
gol move wes
mid support gol move wes
mar hold
mos support ukr move sev
nap move tys
nth move edi
nwy hold
par move bur
pic support par move bur
ruh move bel
rum support arm move sev
ser move rum
stp hold
swe move nwy
ukr move sev
ven move pie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
bur move ruh
rum move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
remove pic
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support ukr move sev
bel move pic
bla support ukr move sev
boh move sil
bud support rum
bul/sc move aeg
bur move mar
den move nth
edi move cly
gal move ukr
gas support bur move mar
gre move aeg
hol move bel
kie move hel
lon move yor
mar hold
mos move war
mun support ruh move bur
nrg move cly
nwy hold
pie support mar
rom move tys
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser move gre
sev move mos
stp hold
tun move wes
tys move gol
ukr move sev
vie hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel move bur
bla support bul/sc
bud support rum
bul/sc hold
bur move par
edi move cly
gas move spa
gre support ser move bul
hel move den
mid support gas move spa
mar move gas
mos hold
mun move ber
nth move lon
nrg move cly
nwy hold
par move gas
pic support bur move par
pie move mar
rom move tys
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev support war move ukr
sil move pru
stp support ukr move mos
swe move bot
tys move gol
ukr move mos
vie move gal
war move lvn
wes move gol
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
mos move war
par move bre
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
remove pru
build Army vie
remove war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move sil
bla support arm move sev
bot support lvn move swe
bud support rum
bul/sc move aeg
bur support mar move gas
con support bul/sc move aeg
den support kie move bal
edi move cly
gal move ukr
gre move aeg
kie move bal
lvn move swe via convoy
mid move iri
mar move gas
mos support stp
nth move lon
nrg move cly
nwy support stp
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie move mar via convoy
rom move tys
rum hold
ser move gre
sev move ukr
stp hold
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
vie move gal
wes move gol
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
arm support sev
bal move swe
bla support con move bul
bot support bal move swe
bud move gal
con move bul/ec
den support bal move swe
edi move cly
gal move war
gas move spa
gre support ser move bul
iri move lvp
lvn support sil move war
gol move mar
mar support gas move spa
mos support gal move war
nth move lon
nrg move cly
nwy support stp
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev support lvn move mos
sil move war
spa support gol move mar
stp hold
tun move wes
tys support wes move gol
vie move boh
wes move gol
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
gol move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
remove stp
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul/ec
arm support sev
bla support bul/ec
boh move vie
bre support par
bud support rum
bul/ec hold
bur move mun
den move ska
edi move nth
gal move ukr
gas move spa
gre move aeg
kie move hel
lvn move mos
lvp move iri
gol move mar
mar support gas move spa
mos support gal move ukr
mun move tyr
nth move eng
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
par support bre
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support lvn move mos
sil move boh
spa move mar
swe move nwy
tys move tus
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move stp
spa move por
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/ec
arm support sev
bla move rum
boh support tyr move vie
bre move wal
bud support rum
bul/ec support bla move rum
edi support hel move nth
eng convoy bre move wal
gre support ser move bul
hel move nth
iri move eng
lon support nwy move nth
gol move wes
mid support spa move por
mos move war
mun move tyr
nrg move edi
nwy move nth
par move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support bla move rum
ska support swe move nwy
spa move por
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tus move tys
tyr move vie
ukr move war
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army mun
remove nth
remove nrg
remove ukr
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul/ec
arm move sev
ber move pru
bla move rum
boh support vie
bud support rum
bul/ec support bla move rum
bur hold
edi move yor
eng move bre
gre move bul/sc
hel support ska move nth
iri move nat
lon hold
mar hold
mos support nwy move stp
mun move sil
nwy move stp/nc
pie move gol
por move spa
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev move ukr
ska move nth
stp move mos
tri move vie
tyr support ven move tri
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
wal move lvp
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: army/dislodged stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
stp move fin
tri move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul/ec
alb support gre
arm move rum via convoy
bla convoy arm move rum
boh move vie
bre hold
bud move tri
bul/ec support arm move rum
bur hold
fin move swe
gre support rum move bul
hel move den
lon move eng
lvp hold
gol move tys
mos move ukr
nat move nrg
nth support yor move lon
pru support sil move war
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support arm move rum
sil move war
stp/nc hold
tri support vie move bud
tyr support tri
vie move bud
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul/ec disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Army con
remove eng
remove gal
build Fleet kie
remove gol
build Army mun
remove nrg
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ber move sil
bla support con move bul
bre support lon move eng
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
bur move par
con move bul
den move swe
gre support bul
ion move eas
kie move hel
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mun move bur
nth support stp/nc move nwy
pru move lvn
rom move ven
rum support con move bul
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
spa move gas
stp/nc move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tyr support vie
tys move ion
ukr support war move mos
ven move pie
vie support tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
ser disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bla move con
bre hold
bud support ser
bur hold
den move swe
eas move ion
eng support bre
gre move aeg
hel move nth
ion move tys
lvn support mos
mos hold
nth move nrg
nwy support den move swe
par support bur
pie move ven
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support ukr move mos
sil move war
swe move den
tyr hold
ukr support mos
ven move tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Austria: army/dislodged swe
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
