PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move tun
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bre move pic
bud move tri
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move nwy
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move pic
ruh move bel
rum move bul/ec
ser support rum move bul/sc
sev move arm
spa move por
ukr move sev
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move smy
arm move syr
bel hold
ber move bal
bla support bul move rum
bre move pic
bud support ser
bul move rum
con move smy
gre support tun move alb
hol move hel
ion convoy tun move alb
kie move den
lon move eng
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move apu
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
par move bur
por move spa
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support adr move ven
tun move alb
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move arm
apu move ven
arm move ank
bal move swe
bar support nwy move stp
bel hold
bla support rum move sev
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move bel
con support gre move bul
den support bal move swe
eng support bur move bel
gre move bul
hel move hol
ion move adr
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
pic support bur move bel
pie move tus
ruh move mun
rum move sev
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
syr move smy
tri move alb
tyr support apu move ven
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bul move ser
sev move mos
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move gre
ank support con move smy
arm move sev
bar support stp
bel support par move bur
bla support sev
bot move bal
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move smy
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
hol move bel
kie move hel
mar move gol
mos support arm move sev
mun move bur
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
pic support bel
ruh support mun move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support bul move rum
spa move gas
stp support edi move nwy
swe move ska
tri hold
tus move tys
tyr move pie
ven move adr
vie support tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move arm
arm move sev
bal move ber
bar support nwy
bel move bur
bla support con move bul
bur support pie move mar
con move bul
eng support pic move bel
gas move mar
gre support con move bul
hel support hol move nth
hol move nth
ion move tun
gol support gas move mar
mos support arm move sev
nth move hol
nwy support stp move fin
par support bel move bur
pic move bel
pie move tyr
ruh move hol
sev move rum
ska support hol move nth
smy support ank move arm
stp move fin
swe hold
tys move ion
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mun
nth move den
sev move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove hel
remove smy
remove swe
build Army ven
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tyr move tri
bar support nwy
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support ukr move rum
bud move vie
bul support ukr move rum
bur move ruh
den support ber move kie
edi move nth
eng move lon
fin move swe
gre move ser
hol move kie
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move kie
nth move den
nwy support fin move swe
par move pic
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support war move ukr
ska support nth move den
tri move adr
tun move tys
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
rum move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support tri
arm support rum move sev
bar support nwy move stp
bel move hol
bla support rum move sev
bud support gal move rum
bul support gre move ser
bur move mun
den support hol move kie
gal move rum
gre move ser
hel move den
hol move kie
ion support gre
mun support hol move kie
nth support bel move hol
nwy move stp
pic move bur
ruh support bur move mun
rum move sev
ser support vie move tri
sev hold
ska support den
swe support hel move den
tri support gre move ser
tys hold
ukr move war
ven support tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move sil
sev move mos
stp move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove ber
build Army con
remove den
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
remove ska
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri
arm move rum
bar support stp
bla convoy arm move rum
bud hold
bul support arm move rum
bur move mun
con move smy
hel support nth move den
hol support hel move kie
kie support sil move ber
lon move nth
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun move ber
nap move ion
nth move den
par move bur
rom move ven
ruh hold
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
sev support arm move rum
sil move ber
swe support nth move den
tri support ven move tyr
tys move tun
ven move tyr
vie hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bar support stp
ber support kie move mun
bla support sev
bul support rum
bur move mun
den move bal
hel move den
ion move aeg
kie move mun
lvn move stp
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth support hel move den
par move pic
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move ukr
tri support tyr move vie
tun support nap move ion
tyr move vie
ven hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army edi
build Army kie
remove lvn
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Fleet rom
remove ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal convoy swe move lvn
bar move nrg
ber support mun
bla move sev
bud support tri move ser
bul move gre
bur move mun
con support ion move aeg
den support hol move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
gre hold
hol move kie
ion support gre
kie move ruh
mos support war move ukr
mun support kie move ruh
nth convoy edi move nwy
rom move tys
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil support bur move mun
stp support swe move lvn
swe move lvn via convoy
tri move ser
tun support rom move tys
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
bal move ber
ber move kie
bla support rum
bud support ser
bul support rum
bur move mun
con support bul
den support kie
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
ion move eas
kie support bal move ber
lvn move mos
gol move wes
mar move bur
mos hold
mun support ber move kie
nap move ion
nwy move swe
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bul
ser support gre move bul
sev support mos
sil support bal move ber
smy hold
stp support lvn move mos
tun support nap move ion
tyr hold
tys support nap move ion
war support mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber disband
mun disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support den move bal
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc support aeg move con
bur move mar
den move bal
eas move smy
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support ser move rum
ion support tun
lvn move mos
mar move gol
mos hold
mun hold
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move pic
ruh move hol
ser move rum
sil move war
stp support lvn move mos
tun support tys
tyr move tri
tys support ion
ven move tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move ukr
rum disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal convoy swe move pru
ber support swe move pru
bla support con move ank
bud move rum
bul/sc support aeg move con
con move ank
eas move smy
gal support bud move rum
hol support kie
ion support tun
mos support rum move sev
mun move sil
nwy move stp
pic move bel
rum move sev
sev move arm
sil move pru
smy move syr
stp support mos
swe move pru via convoy
tri move vie
tun support tys
tys support ion
ukr move mos
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ank
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Army nap
build Fleet rom
remove syr
remove ukr
build Army ven
remove war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
con move ank
gal support rum move ukr
ion support tys
mos support pru move war
mun move boh
nap move rom
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
pru move war
rom move tus
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil support gal move war
stp move lvn
tun support tys
tys support rom move tus
ven support tyr
vie support gal
war hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
