PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move ank
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move aeg
eng move bel
gal support sev move rum
hol support eng move bel
ion move tun
mid move por
nth move nwy
pic support bur move bel
pru move war
ser support tri
sev move rum
sil support pru move war
smy move con
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move gre
ank move con
bre support por move mid
bul support aeg move con
bur support tyr move mun
con move smy
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move war
hol support lon move bel
kie move den
lon move pic via convoy
lvp move iri
mos support gal move war
mun move bur
nap move ion
nwy move nth
pic move bel
por move mid
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sil support war
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support vie
tun support nap move ion
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie support tri
war hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank move con
bel move pic
bre move eng
bul support ank move con
bur move par
eng support iri move mid
gal support mos move war
gre support bul
hol support pic move bel
ion move adr
iri move mid
mid support bre move eng
mos move war
mun hold
nth support pic move bel
nwy hold
pic move bel
ruh move kie
ser support gre
sil move ber
smy move con
swe move bal
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tyr support mun
vie support tri move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel disband
tyr move ven
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet sev
remove sil
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move con
ank hold
bal move kie
bel move pic
ber support kie
bre support mid
bul support ser move gre
den hold
eng support bel move pic
gal move sil
gre move alb
hol hold
ion move gre
iri move mid
kie support hol
mid support bre
mar move spa/sc
mos move war
mun support bal move ber
nap move tys
nth move nrg
nwy hold
par move bur
ser move gre
sev move bla
smy support aeg move con
stp/sc move bot
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven move tri
vie support tri
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb support gre
ank support bla move con
bal support pru move ber
ber move mun
bla move con
bot move swe
bre hold
bul support bla move con
bur move pic
con move ank
den move swe
eng move nth
gre support alb
ion support adr move alb
iri move eng
kie support ber move mun
mid move eng
nrg move bar
nwy support bot move swe
pic move bel
pru move ber
sil support pru move ber
smy support con move ank
spa/sc hold
tri support ven
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war support sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
mun move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army mar
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tys
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move gre
ank hold
bal move den
bar support nth move nwy
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support bul move con
bre move mid
bul move con
con move aeg
den support kie
gre move ser
hol move hel
ion move nap
iri move eng
kie support mun move ber
mid move naf
mar support pic move bur
mun move ber
nth move nrg
nwy support stp/nc
pic move bur
sil support tyr move mun
smy support ank
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc support nwy
swe support bal move den
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven move tus
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move ska
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank move con
bar move nwy
ber hold
bla move ank
bur move ruh
con move smy
den support swe
eng move nth
gre support tri move alb
hel move den
kie support ber
mid move naf
mar move bur
naf move tun
nap support rom
nrg support bar move nwy
nwy support stp/nc
pru move ber
rom hold
ser move tri
sil support pru move ber
ska support bar move nwy
smy support ank move con
stp/nc support nwy
swe support den
tri move alb
tus support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven move apu
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move fin
smy move arm
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
remove rom
build Army sev
remove ska
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
alb move ion
ank support sev move arm
apu move nap
arm move sev
ber move pru
bur move mun
den move ska
edi move den via convoy
fin support stp/nc move nwy
gre support alb move ion
hel support edi move den
ion support nap move tys
kie support edi move den
lon hold
mar move pie
naf move tun
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move den
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
sev move arm
sil support pru move ber
smy support sev move arm
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move tyr
tun move tys
tus support ven move rom
ven move rom
wes support tun move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
Turkey: army/dislodged arm
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move syr
ion move adr
nwy move bar
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
ank move con
apu support ion move nap
arm move sev
bar support nth move nwy
ber move mun
den move swe
fin support nwy
gre support aeg move ion
hel move den
ion move nap
kie move den
lon move nth
mun support pie move tyr
nap move rom
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy support swe
pie move tyr
rom support tyr move ven
ruh support mun
sil support ber move mun
ska support nwy
smy hold
swe support nwy
syr move smy
tun support tys move ion
tus support rom
tys move ion
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove hel
build Army mar
build Fleet stp/nc
remove syr
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move ven
bar move stp/nc
ber support sil move mun
con move aeg
den hold
fin support nwy
gre support aeg move ion
hol support kie
kie support den
lon support nth
gol support pie move tus
mar move pie
mun hold
nth hold
nrg move nwy
nwy support stp/nc move bar
pie move tus
rom support tus
ruh support mun
sev move ukr
sil move mun
ska support nwy
smy move con
stp/nc move bar
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus support apu move ven
tyr support vie move tri
tys move rom
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu move ven
bar move nwy
ber support tyr move mun
con move bul
den move swe
fin support nwy
gre move alb
hol support kie
ion support nap
lon support nth
nap support rom
nth support den
nrg support bar move nwy
nwy support stp/nc move bar
rom support apu move ven
sil support tyr move mun
ska support nwy
stp/nc move bar
swe support nwy
tri support apu move ven
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
war support sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support alb move ion
alb support aeg move ion
bar move nrg
ber move mun
bud move vie
bul move rum
den move swe
edi support nrg
fin support nwy
gal move boh
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie support den
lon support nth
mun move kie
nap support ion move tys
nth support den
nrg move nwy
nwy support ska
rom support ven move tus
sil support ber move mun
ska support swe move den
swe move den
tri move ven
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
bar move nrg
boh move mun
bur move par
den support ska
fin support nwy
mun move bur
nap move tys
nwy support bar move nrg
pru move ber
rom move tus
rum move gal
sil support boh move mun
ska support den
tyr move pie
tys move wes
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
