PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul/sc
gal move rum
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser support gal move rum
tri hold
ukr move rum
ven support tri
war hold
yor move den
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move bla
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move ank
ber move bal
bla move ank
bud move tri
bul move gre
con move bla
gre move aeg
kie move den
lon move eng
mar move bur
mun move bur
nap support tun move ion
nth convoy yor move den
par support mar move bur
por move mid
rom move apu
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support ukr move rum
smy move aeg
swe support yor move den
tri hold
tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
war move gal
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu hold
bal move den
bla move ank
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move aeg
den hold
eng support bur move bel
gal move bud
gre move ion
hol move nth
ion move adr
kie support bal move den
mid support par move bre
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move hel
par move bre
pic support bur move bel
rum support gal move bud
ser move tri
sev hold
smy move eas
swe support den
tri hold
ven support tri
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bur
remove eas
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support ank move con
ank move con
apu move ven
bal move den
bel hold
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
den hold
edi move nth
eng move lon
gal move bud
gre move ion
hel support den
kie support bal move den
mos move sev
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy support edi move nth
par move bur
pic support bel
rum support gal move bud
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
swe support den
tri support ven move tyr
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war support gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move yor
rum move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support bla move bul
bal support kie move den
bel move hol
bla move bul/ec
bud move tri
bur move ruh
con support bla move bul
den move kie
eas move ion
gal support sev move rum
gre move bul/sc
hel support den move kie
kie move den
lon hold
mid move eng
nap move ion
nth move edi
pic move bur
ser support rum
sev move rum
swe hold
tri support ven move tyr
tyr move boh
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war support gal
yor move nth
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
bal move den
bel move hol
boh support tri move vie
bre move wal via convoy
bud support vie
bul/ec support sev move rum
bur move mun
con support bul/ec
den move kie
eas move aeg
edi move nth
eng convoy bre move wal
gal support vie
gre move ion
hel support den move kie
kie support bal move den
lon support edi move nth
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy support edi move nth
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ser
ser move alb
sev move rum
spa move mar
stp/sc move lvn
swe hold
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ukr move war
vie hold
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move nrg
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
aeg hold
alb move tri
boh support tri move vie
bud support alb move tri
bul/ec support rum
con support bul/ec
gal support vie
gre move ion
hel move den
hol support kie move ruh
kie move ruh
lvn move bal
nap move ion
nth move edi
nrg move edi
rum support gal
ser support alb move tri
sil move ber
swe support hel move den
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
vie support alb move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move kie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lvp
remove nrg
remove ruh
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
boh support vie move tyr
bud support ser move tri
bul/ec support rum
con support bul/ec
den move swe
gal move boh
gre support aeg move ion
hol support kie
ion move eas
kie support hol
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
nth move yor
nwy move swe
rum support war move gal
ser move tri
sil support gal move boh
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tyr move ven
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support vie move tri
bal support swe move den
ber support sil move mun
boh support sil move mun
bud support tri move vie
bul/ec support rum
con move smy
den move swe
eas move ion
gal support tri move vie
gre move ion
hol support kie
ion move nap
kie support hol
lon support yor move nth
nwy move swe
rum support gal
ser move tri
sil move mun
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri move vie
tyr move ven
vie move tri
wal move yor
yor move nth
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move ska
vie disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
bal support nwy move swe
ber move mun
boh support vie move tyr
bud hold
bul/ec support rum
den support nwy move swe
eas support gre move aeg
gal support boh
gre move ion
hol support kie
kie support hol
lon move nth
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth move nrg
nwy move swe
rum support gal
sev move bla
ska move nwy
smy hold
stp/sc hold
swe support ska move nwy
tri move ven
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move ska
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support eas move ion
bal support swe
bla move con
boh move vie
bud move ser
bul/ec hold
bur move par
den hold
eas move ion
gal move bud
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move ber
mun hold
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
rum move ser
sil move ber
ska support nwy move swe
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
swe support den
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move nap
ven move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
remove rom
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move kie
bot support swe
bud support tri move vie
bul/ec move con
con move bul/sc
den support bal move kie
gal move bud
hol support kie
ion move gre
kie support hol
mun support sil move ber
nap hold
nth move bel
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
par move bre
rum support gal move bud
sil move ber
ska move nth
smy move aeg
stp/nc hold
swe support den
tri move vie
tun move wes
tyr support tri move vie
ven move tri
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Russia: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move ser
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Russia: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
boh support gal move vie
bot support swe
bud support rum move ser
bul/ec move bla
con move bul/sc
den support ber move kie
gal move vie
gre hold
hol support kie
kie support hol
mun support ber move kie
nap move rom
nth support ska move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
rum move ser
ser move bud
ska move den
stp/nc hold
swe support den
tri move alb
tyr support vie
vie support ser move bud
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Russia: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
kie move hel
ser move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ser
bal move den
bla move con
boh support gal move vie
bot support swe
bre move pic
bud move tri
bul/sc support aeg move gre
den move swe
gal move vie
gre move ion
hol hold
kie support bal move den
lon move eng
mos move war
mun move tyr
nth support lon move eng
nrg support nwy
nwy support den move swe
rom move tys
ser support bud move tri
sev move bla
spa/sc move por
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri support alb move ser
tyr move boh
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri move ser
bla move con
boh support gal move vie
bot support swe
bud support ser
bul/sc support gre
con move aeg
den support kie
eng move bre
gal move vie
hol hold
ion move nap
kie support den
mos move ukr
mun support boh
nth support ska move den
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pic move bre
por hold
ser support bud
ska move den
swe support den
tri move ser
tyr move boh
tys move nap
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move rum
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
