PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move gre
con move bul
den move swe
edi move bel via convoy
gal support ukr move rum
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
par move bur
rum move sev
ser support alb move gre
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Fleet ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
bla move con
bot move bal
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul hold
bur support par move pic
con move smy
den move swe
edi move cly
gal move bud
gre move aeg
hol support kie move ruh
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mun support kie move ruh
nap move ion
nth support lon move eng
nwy support den move swe
par move pic
por move mid
rom move tys
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud move tri
sev support rum
smy move eas
spa move gas
stp move fin
tri support tyr move vie
tun move wes
tyr move vie
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal move ber
bel hold
bre support mid move eng
bud move rum
bul support rum move ser
bur move bel
cly move nat
con move aeg
eas support con move aeg
eng move iri
fin move stp
gas move spa
hol support bel
ion move gre
mid move eng
mun support ruh move bur
nth move eng
nwy support swe
pic support bur move bel
pru move war
ruh move bur
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move bla
smy hold
swe hold
tri hold
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
bur move mar
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove eas
build Army kie
build Army mos
remove tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ber move kie
bla convoy rum move con
bud support tri
bul support rum move con
bur support bel move pic
con support aeg move bul
eng move wal
hol move ruh
ion move gre
iri move wal
kie move ber
mid move wes
mun support kie move ber
nat move iri
nth move yor
nwy move nth
pic move par
rum move con via convoy
ser move gre
smy move ank
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move mun
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
tyr move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank hold
bla move sev
boh move vie
bre support eng move mid
bud move vie
bul move con
bur move gas
con support aeg move bul
eng move mid
ion move gre
iri support nat move mid
kie move ber
mos move war
mun support kie move ber
nat move mid
nth support yor move lon
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum support bul
ser move gre
stp move nwy
swe move bot
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
wes move tys
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: fleet/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ber move bal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
remove nat
build Fleet smy
remove tys
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bul/sc move con
bal move swe
ber move kie
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bre support spa move gas
bul/sc move con
bur support gas move par
con move bul
eng move wal
gas move par
ion move gre
iri move wal
lon support nth move eng
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
nth move eng
nwy support bal move swe
par move bur
rom move ven
rum move bul
sev move bla
smy move aeg
spa move gas
ukr move mos
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move ruh
eng move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ank support bul/sc move con
bel hold
bla move sev
bot move bal
bud move vie
bul/sc move con
bur move par
con move bul
eng move mid
gas support bur move par
iri support eng move mid
kie move den
lon move eng
mid support bre
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun support ruh move bur
nwy move stp
par move bre
ruh move bur
rum move sev
ser support rum move bul
tri move ven
ukr move war
ven move tus
vie move tri
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mid move por
par disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ank move arm
bal move swe
bel move pic
bla move arm
bre support por move mid
bul/sc move con
bur hold
con move bul
den support bal move swe
eng move bre
gas support bre
iri support mid
kie hold
mid support eng move bre
mar move bur
mun support bur
par support mar move bur
por move mid
rum move bul
ser hold
sev move bla
stp move fin
swe hold
tri move tyr
tus support ven move rom
ukr move gal
ven move rom
vie hold
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move nwy
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move gre
ank move arm
bla support sev move arm
boh move vie
bre move eng
bul/sc move gre
bur move par
con hold
den support swe
eng move bre
fin move swe
gal move sil
gas support bre
gre move ion
iri support mid
kie move ber
mid support eng move bre
mar move spa
mun support bur
nwy support fin move swe
par support bre
pic support eng move bre
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
rum move bul
sev move arm
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank hold
arm move ank
ber move sil
bla support arm move ank
boh move vie
bre support mid move gas
bul support ser move gre
bur support mun
con support ank
den support swe
fin move nwy
gas support mar move bur
gre support aeg move bul
ion move eas
iri move mid
kie move ber
lon move eng
mid move gas
mar move bur
mun support ber move sil
nwy move nth
par support mar move bur
pic move par
por move mid
pru move ber
rom move nap
ser move gre
sil support tyr move mun
tus move pie
tyr move mun
vie hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army/dislodged gas
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gas move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank move smy
arm move ank
ber support mun move sil
bla support arm move ank
boh move gal
bre support gas
bul move con
bur move mun
con support aeg move bul
den move swe
eas move smy
eng support iri move mid
gas move spa/nc
gre support aeg move bul
iri move mid
kie support bur move mun
mar support spa move gas
mun move sil
nap hold
nth convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi via convoy
par move bre
pic move par
pie hold
por move mid
pru support sil move ber
ser move gre
sil move ber
spa move gas
swe move bal
tyr support vie move boh
vie move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove gal
build Army sev
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
ber move kie
bla support ank
boh support tyr move mun
bre support mid
bud move ser
bul/sc move aeg
con move bul
eas move smy
edi move hol via convoy
eng convoy pic move wal
gas move bre
gre move ion
kie move ber
mid move wes
mun support sil
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move hol
par support gas move bre
pic move wal via convoy
pie hold
pru move sil
ser move alb
sev move rum
sil support mun
smy hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tyr move mun
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move mid
mun move ruh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move gre
ank move con
bal move bot
ber support ruh move mun
bla support rum move bul
boh support mun
bul support aeg move con
den move swe
eas move smy
eng move lon
gal move rum
hol support nth move bel
ion move tun
mid support wes move spa
mar move spa
mun hold
nth move bel
par support bre
pie hold
por support mar move spa
pru move war
rom move nap
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
sil support ruh move mun
smy support aeg move con
tyr support mun
wal move yor
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove mid
build Army mos
build Army sev
remove sil
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
remove wes
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank support bul move con
ber support ruh move kie
bla support bul move con
boh move sil
bot move bal
bre move pic
bul move con
gre hold
mos move stp
mun hold
nap hold
nwy support mos move stp
par move bur
pie move mar
por move mid
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser hold
sev move arm
smy hold
stp/nc move bar
tri move adr
tun move tys
tyr support mun
vie move boh
war move pru
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move smy
bal convoy swe move lvn
bar move nrg
bel move nth
ber support kie
bur move ruh
con support arm move smy
hol support bur move ruh
ion move adr
kie support ber
lon move nth
mid move iri
nap move rom
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru move war
smy move con
stp move fin
swe move lvn
tys move nap
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
remove ser
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal convoy ber move swe
bel move nth
ber move swe
bla move con
bre move eng
bul move rum
con move bul
edi hold
fin move swe
hol move kie
ion move adr
iri support bre move eng
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvn move mos
lvp hold
mos support war move lvn
nap move rom
nrg support bel move nth
nwy support fin move swe
pic move bel
ruh support hol move kie
smy move arm
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army/dislodged lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
lvn move stp
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal support den move swe
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh move sil
den move swe
edi move lvp
eng move bel
ion hold
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn move stp
lvp move wal
mos support lvn move stp
mun support sil move ber
nap support ion
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
nwy support swe
pie hold
rom hold
ruh support bel move hol
sil move ber
stp move nwy
tyr move ven
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army/dislodged edi
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi move yor
stp move fin
swe move fin
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
remove swe
build Fleet tri
remove wal
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
arm move sev
bal move swe
bel move nth
ber hold
bre move mid
bul move rum
con move aeg
den move swe
eng move mid
gre move ser
hol support ruh move kie
ion hold
iri move lvp
kie move den
mos move lvn
mun hold
nap support ion
nrg move nat
nwy support den move swe
par move pic
pie hold
rom hold
ruh move kie
rum move gal
sil move gal
stp move fin
tri move alb
ven move tri
war move pru
yor move lvp
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move eas
alb support adr move ion
bal move kie
ber move kie
bre move eng
bul move rum
con move aeg
den support bal move kie
edi move yor
eng move bel
fin move swe
ion move eas
iri move lvp
kie move den
mun support ber move kie
nat support iri move lvp
nap hold
nth move lon
nwy move ska
pic move bur
pie move mar
rom move nap
rum move gal
ser hold
sev move ukr
sil move ber
swe move den
tri move bud
yor move lvp
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Austria: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ion move tys
kie move ruh
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bal
remove bel
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
ber move kie
bud move vie
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul/sc
eng move mid
fin move swe
gal move boh
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie move ruh
lvn move pru
mun support kie move ruh
nat move nrg
nap support tys move rom
par move pic
pie move mar
pru move sil
rom support ion move nap
ruh move mun
ser move bud
ska support swe move den
swe move den
tys move rom
ukr move gal
vie move boh
yor move edi
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc
alb move ion
ber move kie
bud hold
bul/sc support aeg
bur support mun
edi support nrg move nth
gal support sil
hol support pic move bel
ion move nap
mid move wes
mar move pie
nap support tys move rom
nrg move nth
pic move bel
pie hold
pru support sil
rom support ion move nap
ruh move bel
rum support bul/sc
ser hold
sil support gal
ska support den
swe support den
tys move rom
ukr support rum
vie move tyr
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb move ion
bel move ruh
bre move mid
bud hold
bul/sc move aeg
bur support bel move ruh
edi move nth
gal support sil move boh
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie support tyr move mun
mun move ber
nap hold
nth move hel
pie hold
pru support war move sil
rom hold
ruh support tyr move mun
rum move bul
ser hold
sil move boh
tyr move mun
tys support nap
ukr move rum
war move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber support hol move kie
boh move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
eas move ion
gal support boh move vie
hol move kie
gol support mar move pie
mid move wes
mar move pie
nap support tys move rom
ruh support hol move kie
rum support bul move ser
sil support bur move mun
tys move rom
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Austria: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army/dislodged rom
Turkey: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support kie
bre move mid
eas move ion
gre support eas move ion
lvp move cly
gol move tys
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nap hold
pie move ven
rom support nap
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
vie support rum move bud
wes move naf
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
cly move edi
gal move boh
gre move alb
ion support naf move tun
gol move tus
mos move lvn
naf move tun
nap hold
par move bur
rom support nap
ruh move mun
ser move tri
stp/nc move bar
tri move vie
tyr move ven
tys support ven move rom
ven move rom
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: fleet/dislodged tun
Austria: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
ion support rom move nap
nap hold
rom move nap
tus move rom
tys support rom move nap
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap move apu
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ven
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
