PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move sil
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move tun
bla support bud move rum
bot hold
bud move rum
bul move gre
gal hold
hol hold
ion convoy apu move tun
pie hold
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
sil hold
tri move alb
ukr hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla convoy con move arm
bud move rum
con move arm
gre move bul
hol hold
ion move aeg
kie move den
nap move tys
pie move mar
rum move sev
ser move bul
sil hold
smy move aeg
tun hold
vie hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
gre move bul
ion move eas
pie move mar
rum support sev
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum
smy move eas
tun hold
tys move wes
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bul move con
den move kie
gre hold
hol move hel
ion support gre move aeg
kie move ruh
pic move par
pie hold
rum support sev
ser support gre
sev support rum
sil move mun
smy move aeg
tri move ven
tun move spa
tyr support tri move ven
vie move boh
wes convoy tun move spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
arm move sev
bla support con move bul
boh move sil
bot hold
con move bul
gal hold
gre hold
hel move nth
ion move adr
kie support mun
mun hold
pic move par
pie move ven
ruh support mun move kie
rum support sev
ser support gre
sev support rum
spa move mar
tyr support ven
ukr hold
ven support tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
aeg support bul move gre
arm move sev
ber move sil
bla support arm move sev
bul move gre
gre hold
hel move nth
kie support ber
pic move par
pie move ven
rum support sev
ser support gre
sev support rum
sil move war
spa move por
tyr support ven
tys move rom
ven support tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
gal move war
gre hold
pie move ven
por hold
rom hold
rum support sev
ser support gre
sev support rum
tri support ven
tyr move pie
ukr move war
ven support tyr move pie
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
Italy: army por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
pie move tus
sev move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
bla move rum
bud support rum
bul support ion move gre
con support bul
gal move war
gre move bul/sc
ion move gre
mos support war move ukr
nap move apu
pie move ven
por move spa
rom support tus
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser support gre move bul/sc
sev support bla move rum
tus hold
ukr move war
ven move apu
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb move adr
bla support sev move rum
bud support rum
bul support sev move rum
con support bul
eng move bel
gre support nap move ion
mos move stp
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move nwy
pie move tus
rom support tus
rum hold
ser support rum
sev move rum
spa move gas
tri move vie
ukr move mos
ven support pie move tus
yor move nwy
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army nap
remove ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg convoy con move gre
bel support lon move eng
bla support sev move rum
bud move rum
bul support sev move rum
con move gre
edi move nwy
gas hold
gre move ion
ion move apu
lon move eng
mos move sev
nap move rom
nth hold
nwy move swe
pie move ven
rom move tys
rum move ukr
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
stp move lvn
tus move pie
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move gre
apu support rom move ven
bla move rum
bud move rum
bul support rum move ser
con support bul
gal support bud move rum
gre move ion
lvn move war
pie support rom move ven
rom move ven
rum move ser
ser support bud move rum
sev support bud move rum
tys support gre move ion
ukr support sev
ven hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move bud
ven move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove lvn
build Army smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
apu support ven
bla support smy move arm
bud support rum
bul support ser
con support bul
gal move war
gas support pie move mar
gre move alb
ion hold
pie move mar
rum support bud
ser support gre move alb
sev move arm
smy move arm
tyr move tri
tys move wes
ukr support gal move war
ven hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support ser move tri
apu support ven
arm support con move sev
bla convoy con move sev
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
con move sev
gas hold
ion hold
mar hold
rum support tri move ser
ser move tri
sev support rum
tri move ser
ukr support sev
ven hold
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move tri
apu move adr
arm move sev
bla support bul move rum
bud support rum
con move bul
gas support mar move bur
ion support apu move adr
mid hold
mar move bur
rom move ven
rum hold
ser move bud
sev support rum
tri support adr move ven
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
alb move tri
arm support con move sev
bla convoy con move sev
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
bur support gas move par
con move sev
gas move par
ion hold
mid hold
pru move ber
rom move ven
rum support tri move ser
ser move bud
sev support rum
tri move ser
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ser move gre
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
arm move sev
ber support boh move mun
bla support arm move sev
boh move mun
bud move vie
bul support gre move ser
bur support tyr move mun
con support bul
gre move ser
ion hold
mid support par move bre
par move bre
rom move ven
rum support ser
ser support tri
sev support rum
tri move alb
tyr move mun
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
alb move tri
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber support mun
bla move rum
boh support vie move tyr
bre hold
bud move gal
bul support gre move ser
bur move ruh
con support bul
edi move nwy
gre move ser
ion hold
mid move iri
nth convoy edi move nwy
rom move ven
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev support rum
swe move den
tyr support mun
ukr support sev
ven support tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
alb move tri
arm move sev
ber support kie
bla support ser move rum
boh support mun
bre move pic
bul support ser move rum
con support bul
den move kie
eng move mid
gal move bud
ion hold
iri move lvp
nap move rom
nth move eng
nwy move stp
rom move tus
ruh hold
rum move ser
ser move rum
sev support rum
smy move aeg
tri move alb
ukr support sev
ven support tyr
vie support alb move tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
rum move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg convoy con move gre
arm support rum move sev
ber support boh move mun
bla support rum move sev
boh move mun
bud support sev move rum
bul support rum
con move gre
gal support sev move rum
ion move tys
pic move bel
ruh support pic move bel
rum move sev
sev move rum
tri move ser
tus move pie
tyr move tri
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet nap
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support bul
arm move sev
bel move bur
ber move mun
bla support arm move sev
bud support ser move tri
bul support gre move ser
gal move war
gre move ser
lvp hold
mun move bur
nap move tys
pie move tyr
rom move tus
ruh support bel move bur
rum move sev
ser move tri
tri support pie move tyr
tyr move ven
tys move wes
ukr support rum move sev
ven support pie move tyr
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
aeg move ion
alb move tri
arm move sev
ber support mun move kie
bla move con
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser move gre
bur support tyr move mun
den support mun move kie
edi move yor
eng move bre
hol move bel
lvp move wal
mid move por
mun move kie
ruh support tyr move mun
rum support tri move ser
ser move gre
stp hold
tri move ser
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr move mos
ven support alb move tri
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move ion
bel hold
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur support mun
con move aeg
den hold
edi move lvp
gre move alb
kie support ber move mun
lon hold
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh move hol
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev hold
smy move eas
stp hold
tri move tyr
tys move gol
ven hold
wal move iri
wes move spa/sc
yor support edi move lvp
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move sil
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
alb support tri
boh support vie move tyr
bur support tyr move mun
eas support ion
gal move war
gre move nap
hol move kie
ion convoy gre move nap
iri move mid
kie move ber
lvn move stp
gol move tys
mar move spa
mun support vie move tyr
sil support tyr move mun
stp move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move mun
ven move rom
vie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove mid
remove sil
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
alb move tri
bel move hol
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bud move ser
bur move ruh
den move swe
eas support ion
eng move mid
gre support ion
ion support nap move apu
kie support mun move ber
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mun move ber
nap move apu
nwy move swe
rom move ven
ruh support boh move mun
smy move aeg
spa hold
stp move mos
tri support bud move ser
tun move ion
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tun move ion
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Austria: army/dislodged ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support gre move ion
alb move gre
apu move ven
bur move bel
den move swe
eas support gre move ion
eng convoy wal move bre
gal move rum
gre move ion
hol hold
ion move nap
kie support ber
mid support por move spa/sc
mos hold
mun hold
nwy move swe
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh support mun
ser support tri
sil support mun
spa hold
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr support tri
tys move nap
ven support adr move tri
wal move bre
yor move wal
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army/dislodged spa
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
spa move mar
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move bul/sc
alb move gre
apu move rom
bel move hol
eas move aeg
gre support aeg move bul/sc
ion move nap
kie support ber
mar move gas
mos move ukr
mun support ruh move kie
nwy move swe
pru move ber
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
ser support tri
sev move ukr
sil support mun
tri support tyr move ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys support tun move ion
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move con
alb move tri
bel move hol
bul/sc support gre
gas move bre
gre support bul/sc
ion move nap
kie move den
mos move sev
mun support pru move ber
nap support rom
pru move ber
rom support nap
rum support mos move sev
ser support tri
sev move rum
sil support pru move ber
swe support kie move den
tri hold
tyr support tri
tys support ion move nap
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Italy: army/dislodged ber
Italy: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
sev move ukr
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove kie
build Army vie
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move ser
bel move bur
ber move kie
bud move gal
con move bla
den support ber move kie
gas move mar
gre support nap move ion
ion move tun
mun move ruh
nap move ion
rom support ven
rum support bud move gal
ser support tri
sev move mos
sil move war
swe move nwy
tri hold
tyr support tri
tys move gol
ukr support bul/sc move rum
ven move pie
vie move boh
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
alb move tri
bla support ukr move sev
boh move mun
bul/sc move con
bur move par
den hold
gal support rum
gre move bul/sc
ion move tun
kie support ruh move hol
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa/sc
mos support war move ukr
nwy move stp
pie move ven
rom move ven
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser support tri
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr support tri
ukr move sev
war move ukr
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
alb move gre
bla support sev move rum
bud support tri
con move ank
den hold
gal move vie
hol move bel
ion move apu
kie move ruh
mar support par move bur
mos move sev
mun move bur
par move bur
rom support ven
rum support mos move sev
ser support tri
sev support bla move rum
smy move arm
spa/sc move por
stp hold
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr move pie
ukr support mos move sev
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Austria: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
ank move con
apu support ven
arm move sev
bel support ruh move bur
bla support arm move sev
bre move gas
bud move gal
bul/sc move gre
bur move par
den move swe
eng convoy wal move bre
gre move alb
ion move nap
mid move spa/nc
mar move pie
mun support ruh move bur
pie move ven
por hold
rom support ven
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser hold
sev hold
stp move mos
tri support pie move ven
tyr support pie move ven
ukr support sev
ven hold
vie move boh
wal move bre
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army vie
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb move ser
apu move adr
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla support con move bul/ec
boh move mun
bre support gas move par
bud move gal
bur move mar
con move bul/ec
eng move mid
gal move sil
gas move par
gre support con move bul/ec
mar support par move bur
mos support sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
pie move ven
por move mid
rum move bul
ser support tri move alb
sev hold
spa/nc support eng move mid
tri move alb
tyr support pie move ven
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Austria: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: supply nwy
England: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bur move bel
ven move tus
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: supply nwy
England: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb support ser move gre
apu move nap
arm move sev
bel support ruh move bur
bla move rum
bul/ec support bla move rum
bur move ruh
gal move sil
gre move alb
ion move eas
mar support por move spa/nc
mos support sev
mun support ruh move bur
pic support ruh move bur
por move spa/nc
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser move gre
sev hold
sil move ber
swe move nwy
tus move rom
tyr support ven
ukr support rum
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army bur
Italy: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: fleet/dislodged spa/nc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bur move gas
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
