PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun move sil
nap move tys
par move pic
rom hold
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move rum
bla convoy arm move rum
bot move swe
bud support ser
bul support arm move rum
den move swe
gas move mar
mid move por
nth support yor move nwy
nrg convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
pie move ven
pru move war
rom move tun via convoy
rum support ukr move sev
ser support alb move gre
sil support pru move war
stp move lvn
tys convoy rom move tun
ukr move sev
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move bal
bla support rum move sev
bot move stp/sc
bre move eng
bud move rum
con support bul
den move swe
gre move aeg
lvn move mos
mar move spa
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth support yor move nwy
nrg convoy yor move nwy
par move pic
por move mid
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev support lvn move mos
sil move war
smy move aeg
tri move alb
tun hold
tys hold
ven hold
vie move gal
war move mos
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
sev move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
bal convoy kie move swe
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
eng move lon
gal support rum
gre support ion move aeg
hol support pic move bel
ion move eas
kie move swe via convoy
lvn move mos
mid move iri
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
rum support ukr move sev
ser support rum
sev support bul move rum
sil support war
smy move eas
spa hold
stp/sc hold
swe move nwy
tun hold
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven hold
war support sev move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Army par
remove stp/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb hold
bal move den
bel support hol
bla support bul
bre move eng
bud support rum
con support bul
eng move wal
gal support rum
gre support ion move aeg
hol support bel
ion move aeg
iri support bre move eng
kie support bal move den
lon support nth move eng
mos support ukr move war
mun move tyr
nth move eng
nwy hold
par move pic
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy move aeg
swe support bal move den
tun move nap via convoy
tys convoy tun move nap
ukr move war
ven hold
war hold
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move tri
bel support hol
bla support bul move rum
boh move tyr
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
gal support rum
gre support ser move bul
hol support bel
iri support wal move lvp
kie hold
lon move wal
lvn move war
lvp support lon move wal
mos move stp
nap move apu
nth move lon
pic support bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support bul move rum
smy move aeg
spa hold
swe move nwy
tyr move pie
tys move ion
ven move tyr
wal move lvp
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army/dislodged lvp
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move yor
rum move ser
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove nwy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion move eas
apu move ven
bel support hol
bla support rum move bul
boh move gal
bre move eng
bul support ser move rum
con support rum move bul
den move nth
gal support ser move rum
gre support bul
hol support bel
ion move eas
iri support bre move eng
kie hold
lon move eng
lvp hold
mid move nat
mos move sev
pic support bel
pie move tyr
rum move bul
ser move rum
sev move rum
smy move eas
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support ven
ven move tyr
vie move bud
wal move lvp
war support boh move gal
yor support wal move lvp
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gal move ukr
lvp move cly
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
apu support ven
bel support hol
bla support bul
bud support ukr move rum
bul support sev move rum
cly move edi
con support smy
eas move smy
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move vie
gre move bul/sc
hol support bel
iri support nat move lvp
kie hold
lon hold
lvp hold
mar hold
mos move ukr
nat move lvp
nth move nwy
pic move wal via convoy
pie move tyr
ser support gre move bul
sev move rum
stp move lvn
swe support nth move nwy
ukr move rum
war move mos
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove lvn
build Army mun
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move bur
ber move sil
bla support bul
bud support rum
bul support sev move rum
cly move nrg
con support smy
eng support wal move lon
gre move bul/sc
hol hold
iri move lvp
kie hold
lon hold
lvp move cly
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move boh
nwy move stp/nc
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev move rum
swe move den
tri support ven
tyr support vie move tri
ukr move mos
vie move tri
wal move lon
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
lon move yor
tri move adr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support eas move smy
apu support ven
bla support bul
boh move vie
bud support adr move tri
bul support sev move rum
bur move mun
cly move edi
con support smy
den move kie
eas move smy
edi hold
eng move nth
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
kie move mun
lon move yor
lvp hold
mos move stp
nrg support cly move edi
pie move tyr
rum support ukr move sev
ser support adr move tri
sev move rum
sil move war
smy support gre move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
tri support boh move vie
tyr support tri
ukr move sev
ven support adr move tri
yor move nth
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army/dislodged tri
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
sev move mos
tri disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army mun
build Army par
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support ven
ber move kie
bla support bul move rum
bre move pic
bud support rum
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con support smy
den move nth
eas move smy
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bel
gre support ser move bul
hol support bur move ruh
kie move ruh
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move nat
mos move sev
mun support kie move ruh
nrg support edi move nth
nwy support den move nth
par move bur
pie move tyr
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support mos
stp support war move mos
tri support ven
tyr support ven move pie
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mos move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber move sil
bla move con
bur support bel move ruh
con move smy
den support nwy move nth
edi move nth
eng support edi move nth
hol support bel move ruh
kie move hol
mun move ruh
nat support nrg
nrg support edi move nth
nwy move nth
par move gas
pic move bel
pie move tyr
sev support rum
smy move syr
stp move nwy
tyr move mun
ukr move war
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move nth
eng support nth
gas move bur
hol move kie
kie move ruh
mun support kie move ruh
nat support nrg
nth move den
nrg support eng move nth
nwy support den move nth
pie move tyr
ruh support hol move kie
sev move arm
sil support mun
smy move con
stp move lvn
syr move eas
tyr move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
nth move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
apu move smy via convoy
arm move sev
boh support mun
bud move gal
bul move con
bur support tyr move mun
con move ank
den move yor via convoy
eas convoy apu move smy
eng move bel
gal move bud
gas move par
gre move aeg
hol move bel
ion convoy apu move smy
kie support tyr move mun
lon move nth
lvn move pru
mos move sev
nat move nrg
nth convoy den move yor
nrg move edi
nwy move nrg
ruh support kie
rum support bud move gal
sil move ber
syr move smy
tri support ven
ven support tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
gal move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
remove pru
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move smy
apu support ven
arm move sev
ber support mun move kie
boh support vie
bre move wal
bud move vie
bul move con
bur support tyr move mun
eas move smy
edi move nth
eng convoy bre move wal
gal support bud move vie
gre move aeg
hol move bel
ion support gre move aeg
kie support tyr move mun
lon support edi move nth
mos move war
mun move kie
nat move nrg
nth move edi
nwy move nth
par move pic
ruh support tyr move mun
rum support gal
syr move smy
tri support ven
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
ven support tyr
yor move lvp
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
nth move den
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank support syr move smy
apu move smy via convoy
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber support kie
boh move mun
bud move vie
bul move con
bur support mun
eas convoy apu move smy
eng move iri
gal support bud move vie
ion convoy apu move smy
kie support boh move mun
lon move yor
mun hold
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move nth
pic move bel
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
syr move smy
tri move adr
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie move gal
wal move lvp
war support vie move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
gal move bud
nwy move swe
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move smy
ank move arm
arm move sev
bel move den via convoy
ber support kie move mun
boh support kie move mun
bre move pic
bud move gal
bur support mun
con move smy
gal move sil
hol move kie
iri support wal move lvp
kie move mun
mun support hol move kie
nth convoy bel move den
nwy move swe
ruh support mun
rum support bud move gal
swe move den
tri move tyr
ukr move mos
vie support bud move gal
wal move lvp
war move lvn
yor hold
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
Germany: army/dislodged lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
lvp move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bur support mun
con move smy
gal move ukr
iri move mid
kie support nth move den
lvn move stp
lvp support yor move edi
mos support arm move sev
mun support kie
nth move den
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
ruh support mun
rum support sev
sev hold
sil support ber move mun
swe move den
tyr move tri
vie move tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army/dislodged edi
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
arm move sev
bel move pic
ber hold
bre move gas
bud move tri
bur move mun
den move swe
edi move nrg
gre move ion
hol support kie
kie support mun move ber
lvn move stp
lvp move edi
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos support arm move sev
mun move ber
nwy support den move swe
par move bur
ruh support bur move mun
rum support sev
sev support ukr move mos
sil support ber
smy move ank
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr move mos
vie support tyr
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move smy
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
bur move mun
edi move nwy via convoy
gas move mar
hol support kie
ion move nap
kie support bur move mun
gol move tys
mun move boh
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move bar
par move gas
pic move bur
ruh support bur move mun
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil move mun
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri move ven
tyr support sil move mun
ukr support rum move sev
ven move rom
vie move boh
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army par
build Army tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bar support edi move nwy
ber move mun
bre move mid
bud move gal
bur support mun
edi move nwy via convoy
gas move spa
hol move kie
kie move den
mar move pie
mos move war
mun hold
nap support aeg move ion
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move pic
pic move bel
rom support nap
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil support ber move mun
stp move nwy
swe move bal
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tyr support ven move pie
tys support tun move ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
vie move boh
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bal convoy den move pru
bar support nrg move nwy
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bur support mun
den move pru via convoy
gal support ukr move war
kie support mun
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun hold
nap support aeg move ion
nrg move nwy
nwy move fin
pic move bel
pie hold
rom support nap
ruh support mun
sil move mun
stp hold
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support sil move mun
tys support tun move ion
ukr move war
war support den move pru
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove lvn
remove sil
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support pru move ber
bar support fin move stp
bel support ruh
ber move mun
boh move mun
bud move gal
bur support mun
fin move stp
gal move sil
hol support kie
kie support mun
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun hold
nap support aeg move ion
nwy support fin move stp
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sev move ukr
spa move mar
stp hold
tri move adr
tun move ion
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tun move ion
ven move tus
vie move boh
war support gal move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Germany: army/dislodged stp
Germany: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
stp move lvn
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
bal support ber
bar support stp
bel support bur
ber support mun
boh move mun
bur support mun
gal move war
hol support ruh
kie support mun
lvn move stp
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun hold
nap support aeg move ion
nwy support stp
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
spa move mar
stp hold
tun move ion
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tun move ion
ukr move mos
ven move tus
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
