PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move tys
rom move tus via convoy
smy move arm
stp/sc move lvn
tri hold
ven move tyr via convoy
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud move ser
bul support rum
bur move mar
eng hold
hol move bel
kie move den
nth move eng
rum support arm move sev
tri move adr
tus hold
tyr hold
tys move gol
wal move bre
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel support kie move hol
bla support con move bul
bud move gal
bul move gre
bur move gas
con move bul/sc
den move swe
kie move hol
gol hold
mun move bur
nth move hol
rum move ukr
ser move gre
sev support rum move ukr
smy move eas
tus move pie via convoy
tyr hold
vie support bud move gal
wal move bre via convoy
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla hold
bul move gre
bur move mar
con hold
eas move aeg
gas support bur move mar
hol hold
gol hold
nth move eng
pie hold
ser hold
sev support ukr move mos
swe hold
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
vie hold
wal move bre via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
ank move con
bel support hol move nth
ber move mun
bla hold
bud move rum
con move smy
gal move war
gas move spa
gre move tun via convoy
hol move nth
ion convoy gre move tun
kie support ber move mun
mar hold
mos support gal move war
mun hold
nth move eng
pie move mar
ser support bud move rum
sev hold
swe move nwy
wal move bre via convoy
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move eng
bla convoy sev move ank
con move bul
eng move bre
ion move adr
kie move ruh
gol move mar
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move ion
nth support bel move eng
nwy hold
pie move mar
sev move ank via convoy
smy move aeg
spa hold
tun hold
vie move tyr
wal move bre
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Army edi
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
ank move con
ber move sil
bla support bul
bud move rum
bul hold
con move aeg
edi move hol
eng move lon
kie move hel
lon move bel
gol move mar
mar move gas
mun hold
nap move ion
nth support eng move lon
pie move mar via convoy
ruh move bur
rum move sev
smy move eas
spa move por
tri move vie
wal move hol
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army/dislodged lon
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
ank move smy
bla support con move bul
bul move gre
bur move par
con move bul/sc
eas move ion
edi move hol
gas support bur move par
hel move hol
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth convoy nwy move yor
nwy move yor via convoy
pie move mar
por hold
tun hold
tyr support vie move boh
vie move boh
wal move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: army por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
remove smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber move pru
boh move mun
edi move yor
gas support par move bre
gre move apu via convoy
hol move nth
ion convoy gre move apu
kie move bal
lon move wal
gol move tys
mar hold
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth move edi
par move bre
por move spa
sil support mun move boh
stp move nwy
tri move vie
tyr support boh move mun
vie move boh
wal move lon
war move sil
yor support nth move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army/dislodged edi
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
edi move cly
mun move ruh
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal move bot
boh move sil
bre hold
cly move edi
edi hold
gas support spa move mar
ion support apu move nap
lon move wal
mar hold
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth move nwy
pru support sil move war
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil move war
spa move mar
tyr move mun
tys move ion
vie move gal
wal move lon
war support boh move sil
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove cly
build Army mun
build Army vie
remove wal
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu support tun move nap
ber support ruh move kie
bot support war move lvn
bre move pic
edi move nrg
gal support mos move war
gas move mar
ion convoy tun move nap
kie support tyr move mun
lon move nth
lvn support mos move war
lvp move yor
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pru support mun move sil
ruh move kie
ser move tri
sil support tyr move mun
tun move nap via convoy
tyr move mun
tys move rom
ukr support mos move war
ven move adr
vie move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Austria: army/dislodged kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Austria: army/dislodged lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
kie move den
lvn move stp
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
apu move rom
ber move mun
bla move con
boh support mun
bot support lvn move stp
bul/sc move aeg
gal support war
gre move ion
ion move tys
kie support yor move den
lvn move stp
mar move pie
mun hold
nap support apu move rom
nth convoy yor move den
nwy support lvn move stp
pic move bur
pie move tus
pru support sil move war
rom hold
sil move war
stp support ukr move mos
tri move ven
ukr move mos
war hold
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Austria: army/dislodged stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Army smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
ank move con
ber support bur move mun
boh move sil
bot move fin
bud move tri
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move swe
fin move nwy
gal support war
ion move tys
kie support bur move mun
mos move lvn
mun support boh move sil
nth move eng
nrg move nat
nwy support den move swe
pie support tus move ven
pru support sil move war
rom support ven
sil move war
stp support bot move fin
swe support fin move nwy
tus move ven
tys move gol
ven hold
vie move boh
war support boh move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg convoy smy move spa
ber move sil
boh move mun
con move smy
den support fin move swe
eng move bel
fin move swe
ion convoy smy move spa
kie move hol
lvn move pru
gol convoy smy move spa
mun support ber move sil
nat move mid
nwy support fin move swe
pie support tus move ven
pru support ber move sil
ruh support boh move mun
sil support lvn move pru
smy move spa via convoy
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tus move ven
tys convoy smy move spa
ven hold
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg convoy smy move spa
ank move smy
ber move mun
gal move ukr
hol move ruh
ion convoy smy move spa
kie support ber move mun
gol convoy smy move spa
mid move por
mos move sev
mun support pru move ber
nap move rom
nwy move nth
pie support tus move ven
pru move ber
rom move tus
sil support pru move ber
smy move spa via convoy
swe move bal
tus move ven
tyr hold
tys convoy smy move spa
ven support rom move tus
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg convoy smy move mar
bal support kie move ber
ber move kie
boh move mun
den move kie
hol move ruh
ion convoy smy move mar
kie move ber
gol convoy smy move mar
mun support pie move tyr
nth move eng
pie move tyr
por move spa/sc
rom move tus
ruh support ber move kie
sev hold
sil move ber
smy move mar via convoy
spa support smy move mar
tus move pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys convoy smy move mar
ukr move rum
ven hold
war move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Austria: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move spa
ank move smy
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
boh support tyr move mun
eng move mid
hol move ruh
ion convoy smy move spa
kie move ber
gol convoy smy move spa
mar support tus move pie
mun move tyr
pie support mun move tyr
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support tyr move mun
sev move mos
sil support pru move ber
smy move spa via convoy
spa move gas
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys convoy smy move spa
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Germany: army/dislodged pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
boh move sil
gas move bre
ion move tun
gol convoy tus move spa
mar move bur
mun support sil move ber
pie move mar
pru support sil move ber
ruh move bur
sil move ber
smy move arm
spa move gas
tus move spa via convoy
tys move wes
ven move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun move kie
bud move rum
mun support ruh move kie
pru move lvn
ruh support mun move kie
rum move ukr
sil support ber
tri move ser
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
