PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
bud move ser
edi move nth
kie move den
lon hold
lvp move yor
mos move lvn
mun move boh
stp/sc move fin
tri move adr
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
boh move tyr
den move hel
gal move rum
lon move eng
lvn move war
nth convoy yor move hol
pru support boh move sil
sev hold
ukr hold
yor move hol
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move vie
fin hold
hol support hel move bel
ion move gre
lon move bel
nth move hel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
tri support bud move vie
tyr move pie
ukr hold
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng support nth
gre support bul
hol hold
lon move bel
nth hold
rum support bul
tri support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
eng convoy lon move bel
gre move aeg
hol move kie
lon move bel
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel move kie
bul move con
eng hold
kie hold
nth move den
tri support ven
ven hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move bur
bud move gal
bul move con
den move swe
edi move yor
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move ukr
kie move ber
lon move pic
lvp move nat
rum support gal move ukr
tri move ven
ven move tus
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bur move par
gal hold
pic support bur move par
rum support ukr move sev
tus move rom
ukr move sev
ven support tus move rom
vie support gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move mun
eng convoy lon move bel
ion support rom move nap
lon move bel
nat move nrg
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
rom move nap
rum move ukr
sev move arm
swe move nwy
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move syr
bel move bur
boh support tyr move mun
nrg move nth
par move gas
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
boh support mun
bre move gas
bul move rum
bur support ruh move mun
edi move hol
eng convoy lon move pic
gas move spa
ion move tys
lon move pic
lvp move yor
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy move ska
ruh move mun
tri move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
boh move sil
bud move gal
bur support ruh
gal move ukr
gas move mar
hol support ruh
ion move tys
nth hold
pic support bur
rom move ven
ruh support bur
rum move sev
spa support gas move mar
tys move wes
vie move boh
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lvp
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support mun
edi move den
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move war
lon move bre
lvp move wal
mar move pie
mun hold
nth convoy edi move den
pic move bel
ruh support bur move mun
sev move arm
sil move ber
stp move fin
tri move adr
tyr support mun
tys move tun
ukr support gal move war
ven move pie
vie move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
