PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move mun
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move gas
rom move ven
sev hold
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie hold
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move rum
bot move swe
bul hold
bur move mar
con support bul
gas move spa
hol support ruh move bel
mid move por
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
pie hold
ruh move bel
ser move rum
sev support ser move rum
stp move nwy
tys move tun
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move pru
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber hold
bla support bul move rum
bre support spa move gas
bud support rum
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move swe
gre move aeg
hol move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
mar move bur
mos move sev
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
par support mar move bur
pie hold
por move spa/sc
pru hold
rom move ven
rum support mos move sev
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move adr
tun move ion
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
arm move bla
ber support ruh move mun
bla convoy con move rum
bre support par move pic
bud move ser
bul support con move rum
bur support eng move bel
con move rum via convoy
den move swe
eng move bel
gas support bre
gre move ion
hol support pic move bel
ion move adr
kie move den
nth support eng move bel
nrg move nwy
par move pic
pic move bel
pie move ven
pru move sil
ruh move mun
rum support bud move ser
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move vie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
arm move ank
bel move hol
ber move mun
bla move sev
bre move mid
bul support aeg move gre
bur move ruh
con move ank
den move swe
edi move nrg
gas move mar
gre support rum move bul
hol move bel
ion support aeg move gre
kie move den
mar move gol
mun move ruh
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bur
rom move ven
rum move bul
ser move tri
sev support rum
sil move boh
stp move nwy
swe support kie move den
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
arm move ank
bar support nrg move nwy
bel move hol
ber move mun
bla convoy con move rum
boh support bud move vie
bud move vie
bul support aeg move gre
bur move ruh
con move rum via convoy
den hold
gre support ser move bul
hol move nth
ion move adr
gol move wes
mid move naf
mar move pie
mun move bur
nth support bel move hol
nrg move nwy
pic hold
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tyr move vie
ven support tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move kie
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet lon
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move bla
bar support nrg move nwy
bla support con move ank
boh move tyr
bul move gre
bur move gas
con move ank
den hold
gal move vie
gre move bul/sc
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move eng
mun move ber
naf move tun
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pic move par
pie move ven
ruh move bur
rum support gre move bul
ser move bud
sev support rum
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support gal move vie
tyr support gal move vie
ven support tri
vie support adr move tri
war move gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bul move ser
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank hold
arm move bla
bar move stp/nc
bla support ank
boh support vie
bud support vie
bul/sc move con
bur support tyr move mun
den hold
eng move bel
gal move rum
gas hold
hol move kie
kie move hol
mun move bur
nth support nwy
nwy support bar move stp
par move bre
pie move mar
rum move bul
ser hold
sev move mos
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support ser
tun hold
tyr move mun
ven support tri
vie support bud
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
stp move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet edi
remove gal
remove gas
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
arm move ank
bel support hol
bla move con
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul support con
bur move ruh
con support arm move ank
den support kie
edi move nth
fin move stp
hol support nth move hel
ion move alb
kie support ruh move hol
mar move gas
mos support fin move stp
mun support bur move ruh
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy support stp/nc
par move bur
ruh move hol
rum support ser move bul
ser move gre
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc support nwy
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun support spa/sc move wes
tys support nap move ion
ven support tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support vie move tri
ank move arm
arm move bla
bar move stp/nc
bla move sev
bud support alb move tri
bul move ser
bur move mun
con support arm move bla
den hold
gas move par
gre hold
hel support lon move den
hol move kie
ion support gre
kie move hol
lon move den via convoy
mid hold
mos support stp
mun move ber
nth convoy lon move den
nwy support bar move stp
pic move bur
ruh support bur move mun
rum support tri move bud
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tun hold
tys move tun
ven move tyr
vie support alb move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove con
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
ank move con
arm move sev
bar move stp/nc
bel support hol
ber hold
bla support mos move sev
bud support tyr move tri
bur move mun
den support hel move kie
gal support vie move bud
gre move bul
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move sil
nap move apu
nth support nwy
nwy support bar move stp
par hold
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ser
ser move tri
sev move bla
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tun support mid move wes
tyr move tri
tys support ion move tun
vie move bud
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move rum
kie disband
sev move rum
tun move naf
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move ion
arm move ank
bar move stp/nc
bel support hol
ber move pru
bla move rum
bud support tri
bul hold
con hold
den move swe
gal move vie
hol support kie
kie support mun move ber
gol move tys
mun move ber
naf support wes move tun
nth move nrg
nwy support den move swe
par move gas
ruh move mun
ser support tyr move tri
sev support bla move rum
sil support mun move ber
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support gal move vie
tun support tys move wes
tyr move tri
tys move wes
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army par
remove pru
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar convoy edi move stp
ber support sil move mun
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
edi move stp via convoy
fin support stp
gas move spa
gre move bul/sc
ion move nap
mun move bur
naf move mid
nrg convoy edi move stp
nwy support edi move stp
par move pic
rum support gre move bul
ser hold
sev move arm
sil move mun
smy move aeg
stp support fin
swe move fin
tri support bud move ser
tun hold
tyr move ven
tys move rom
vie support tri
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
stp move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
ank move con
bar move stp/nc
ber hold
bul/sc move gre
bur move gas
con move bul
fin move stp/sc
hol move kie
kie move bal
mos support fin move stp
mun hold
naf move tun
nap move rom
nrg support bar
nwy support bar move stp
pic hold
rom support tun move tys
rum move bla
ser support bul/sc
sev move arm
spa hold
stp move mos
swe move fin
tri support ser
tun move tys
ven support nap move rom
vie support tri
war support mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
France: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army bud
build Army edi
remove fin
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move arm
arm move ank
bal convoy swe move pru
bar convoy edi move stp
ber support mun
bla support arm move ank
bud move vie
bul/sc move gre
con move bul
edi move stp via convoy
gas move spa
mid move bre
mos support war move lvn
mun support ber
nrg convoy edi move stp
nwy support edi move stp
pic move bre
rom support ven move tus
ser move bul
spa move por
stp move lvn
swe move pru via convoy
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ven move tus
vie move tri
war support mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
rom move nap
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support bla move con
bal support lvn
bar support stp
ber hold
bla move con
bul/sc support ser move gre
con support smy move ank
ion move nap
lvn support stp move mos
mid move naf
mos support war
mun support ber
nap support ven move rom
pic move bre
por hold
pru move war
rom hold
ser move gre
smy move ank
spa hold
stp move mos
tri move alb
tus support ven move rom
tys support ion move nap
ven support rom
war support mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move sev
nap move apu
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove apu
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet tri
remove tus
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank support bla move con
bal support kie
bar convoy edi move stp
ber hold
bla move con
bre move par
bud move gal
bul/sc support bla move con
con support smy move ank
edi move stp via convoy
gre hold
lon move nth
lvn support pru move war
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun support ber
nap move apu
nrg convoy edi move stp
nwy support edi move stp
par move bur
por move spa
pru move war
sev support war move mos
smy move ank
spa move gas
tri move adr
tys move ion
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
alb move tri
ank move smy
apu support ion move adr
bal support lvn
bar support stp
ber support mun
boh move vie
bul/sc move gre
bur support mun
con support ank move smy
gal move rum
gas move par
gre move alb
ion move adr
lvn support stp move mos
gol move tys
mos support sev move ukr
mun support ber
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move ukr
smy move ank
spa move mar
stp move mos
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support tri
apu support adr move ion
bal support kie
bar convoy edi move stp
ber support mun move kie
bud support gal move rum
bur move bel
con move bla
edi move stp via convoy
gal move rum
gre move ion
lvn move mos
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move kie
nap move rom
nth support bel
nrg convoy edi move stp
par support mar move bur
pic support bur move bel
sev move ukr
smy move arm
tri support ven
tys move wes
ukr support mos move sev
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war support ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move ion
arm move sev
bal support kie
bar move nrg
ber support mun move kie
bla support arm move sev
bud support rum
bur support pic move bel
gre move bul/sc
ion move eas
mar hold
mos support sev
mun move kie
nth support bel
nrg move nat
nwy move ska
par move pic
pic move bel
rum hold
sev hold
stp move lvn
tri move vie
ukr support sev
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
arm move smy
bal move ber
ber move kie
bla move con
bud support rum
bul/sc move gre
bur move ruh
eas move smy
gre move bul
ion move adr
kie support bal move ber
lon move eng
lvn move pru
mid move eng
mar move spa
mos support sev
mun support ber move kie
nat move mid
nth support bel
nrg move nat
par move bur
rum support bud
sil support bal move ber
ska move den
tri move adr
tyr support vie move boh
ukr support sev
vie move boh
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
arm move smy
ber support den move kie
boh move gal
bud support rum
bul/sc move aeg
bur move bel
con support bul/sc move aeg
den move kie
eas move ion
gre move bul
hol support den move kie
ion move tys
kie move hol
lon move eng
mid move eng
mos move war
mun move kie
nat move iri
nth support bel
nrg move nat
pic support bur move bel
pru support ber
ruh support kie move hol
rum support boh move gal
sev support ukr move rum
sil move mun
spa move gas
tri move adr
tyr move boh
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move gre
bel support hel move hol
ber support kie
boh support bud move gal
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur support hol move bel
con move bla
gal move ukr
gas hold
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion hold
iri support lon move eng
kie support hel move hol
lon move eng
mid move eng
mun move kie
nat move mid
nth support bel
pic support hol move bel
pru support sil
rom move tys
ruh support mun move kie
rum support gal move ukr
sev support ukr
sil move mun
smy move arm
tyr support boh
tys move wes
ukr support war move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support ruh move hol
ber support kie
bla support arm move sev
boh move sil
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur support mun
eng support nth move bel
gal support boh move sil
gas move bre
gre hold
hol support nth move bel
ion hold
iri support nat move mid
kie support hol
mid move eng
mun support boh move sil
nat move mid
nth move bel
pic support bel
pru support war
ruh move hol
rum support arm move sev
sil move mun
tyr move boh
tys move wes
ukr support sev
ven move tri
war support ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
England: army/dislodged sev
England: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move por
sev move mos
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber support kie
bla support sev
boh support sil
bre hold
bur support bel
eng move bre
gal move ukr
ion hold
iri support mid
kie support hol
lon move eng
mid support eng move bre
mos move lvn
mun hold
nth support hol
pic support bel
por move mid
pru support ber
ruh support mun
rum support gal move ukr
ser move bud
sev support gal move ukr
sil move war
spa/sc support por move mid
ukr move mos
vie move gal
war support pru
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber support kie
bla hold
boh support sil
bre hold
bud move vie
bur support mun
eng move mid
gal move war
gre hold
hol support kie
iri support eng move mid
kie support ber
lon move eng
lvn support war
mid hold
mos support war
mun support ruh move kie
nat support eng move mid
nth support hol
pic move bel
pru support war
ruh move kie
sev move mos
sil move ber
spa/sc support mid
tri hold
ukr support sev move mos
war support mos
wes support mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove lvn
build Army sev
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber support den move kie
bla hold
boh move sil
bre move gas
bur move ruh
den move kie
eng support nat move mid
gal support ukr move war
gre hold
hol support den move kie
iri support nat move mid
kie support sil move ber
lon move nth
mid hold
mos move stp
mun support sil move ber
nat move mid
nth move hel
pic move bel
pru support ber
sev move mos
sil move ber
spa/sc support mid
tri move adr
ukr move war
vie move bud
war support pru
wes support mid
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
England: army/dislodged war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber support den move kie
bla hold
boh move tyr
bud move rum
den move kie
eng support nth move bel
gal support war
gas move bre
hel support den move kie
hol support nth move bel
ion hold
iri support nat move mid
kie move ber
lvn move war
mid move eng
mos move lvn
mun support kie move ber
nat move mid
nth move bel
pic move bel
pru support ber
ruh support bel move hol
rum move bul
sil move boh
spa/sc move mid
stp support mos move lvn
war support mos move lvn
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
ber support kie
bla hold
boh move sil
bre hold
bul support rum
eng support nth move bel
gal support war
hel move hol
hol move kie
iri support nat move mid
kie support hel move hol
lvn hold
mid move eng
mos move stp
mun support hol move kie
nat move mid
nth move bel
par move bur
pic move bel
pru support ber
ruh support hol move kie
rum support bul
sev move mos
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tyr hold
war support boh move sil
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
bla hold
bre move par
bur support pic move bel
den move swe
eng support nth move bel
gal support war
hol support nth move bel
iri support eng
kie move hol
lvn hold
mid move eng
mos hold
mun move kie
nat move mid
nth move bel
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pru support ber
ruh support kie move hol
sil hold
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
tyr hold
war move sil
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
