PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move bal
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bal move swe
ber move kie
bot convoy stp move swe
bul move gre
con move aeg
ion move tun
mid support spa
mos move war
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
spa hold
stp move swe via convoy
tus move ven
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bal move den
bot move swe
bud support tri
bul move gre
con move ank
gre support ser move bul
kie move den
lon move eng
nap move apu
nth move bel
nwy support bal move swe
rum move bla
ser move bul
sev move rum
smy move con
stp hold
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
tyr move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
ank move con
apu move adr
bal move swe
bel support eng move nth
ber move sil
bla support con move bul
boh move tyr
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul support alb move gre
con move bul/sc
eng move nth
gre support con move bul
kie move den
mid support spa move por
nwy hold
pic move bur
rum support con move bul
sil move mun
spa move por
stp hold
swe move den
tri move vie
tyr move vie
ven move tri
wal move yor
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove hol
build Fleet lon
build Army sev
build Army smy
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move eas
alb move tri
bal move bot
bel move pic
bla convoy sev move ank
boh move vie
bul/sc move aeg
con move bul
gre support rum move ser
ion move alb
kie move mun
lon move eng
mun move ber
nth convoy yor move bel
rum move ser
sev move ank via convoy
sil move mun
smy move ank
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move vie
tyr move vie
ven support adr move tri
war hold
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move ska
ser move bud
tri disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move tri
bel move hol
ber hold
bla convoy sev move ank
boh move vie
bot move swe
bud support alb move tri
bul support gre move ser
eas move aeg
eng support pic move bre
gas support bur
gre move ser
ion move alb
kie move ber
mid support gas
nth support ska move den
pic move bre
por move spa
ser hold
sev move ank via convoy
sil move mun
ska move den
smy move ank
tri hold
tyr move ven
ven move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move rum
tri move adr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bot
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet rom
build Fleet stp/sc
remove tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move con
alb support adr move tri
ank move arm
ber move kie
bla move sev
bre support eng move mid
bud support tyr move vie
bul support ser move rum
bur move pic
con move ank
den support hol move kie
edi move nrg
eng move mid
gas move bre
hol move kie
kie move hol
lon move bel via convoy
mid support gas move bre
mun move ber
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy move swe
rom move tys
rum move bud
ser move rum
sev move rum
smy support ank move arm
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tyr move vie
ven support adr move tri
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri
ank move bla
arm support rum move sev
bel move bur
ber support sil move mun
bla move rum
bot move bal
bre move mid
bud support tyr move vie
bul move ser
con support ank move bla
den move swe
eng support bre move mid
gal support bla move rum
gas support pic move bre
kie support mun
mid move wes
mun move kie
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy hold
pic move bre
rum move sev
sev support bla move rum
sil move mun
smy move ank
swe hold
tri hold
tyr move vie
tys move gol
ven move tyr
vie hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun disband
nwy move stp
sev move mos
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army par
remove rum
build Army smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move rum via convoy
arm support sev
bla convoy ank move rum
boh move vie
bre move par
bud support vie
bur hold
con move aeg
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move rum
gas support mar
kie support den
lon move pic via convoy
mid move por
mar hold
mos move sev
mun support bal move kie
nrg support nwy
ser support tri
sev support ank move rum
smy move con
spa move por
tri hold
tyr support boh move vie
vie support bud
wes move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move rum via convoy
arm support sev
bal move kie
ber support bal move kie
bla convoy ank move rum
boh move vie
bud support vie
bur move mun
con move bul
den support kie
gal move war
gas support par move bre
ion move tun
kie support den
gol move wes
mid move por
mar hold
mos hold
mun support bal move kie
naf hold
nrg support nwy
nwy move swe
par move bre
pic move bre
ser move bud
sev support ank move rum
spa move por
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri hold
tyr support boh move vie
vie support bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move nth
vie disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move smy
bal move kie
bla hold
bre hold
bul move rum
eng support pic move bre
gas support bre
ion move tys
kie support den
mid support pic move bre
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nth support den
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
pic move bre
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
smy move aeg
spa hold
swe move den
tri move alb
tun move naf
tyr move pie
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move vie
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
bal move kie
ber support bal move kie
bre support bur move pic
bud move vie
bur move pic
den support kie
eng support pic move bel
gas move mar
kie support den
mid move por
naf move mid
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh support bal move kie
rum move bud
ser move tri
sil move mun
spa support gas move mar
swe move den
tyr support bud move vie
tys move gol
vie move tri
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
remove nap
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move rum via convoy
bel support hol
bla convoy ank move rum
bre move par
bud move vie
con move aeg
den support hol move kie
edi move yor
eng move pic
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie support ruh move hol
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar move bur
nrg move nth
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move hol
spa move gas
stp move mos
swe move den
tri support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move hol
ber move kie
bur move bel
eng move mid
gas move mar
gre hold
hel support bel move hol
hol hold
kie move den
gol support mar
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nth support den
nwy hold
par support gas
pic support bur move bel
rum move bud
sil move mun
spa/sc hold
swe support kie move den
tri move vie
tyr move pie
vie move tyr
wes support spa/sc
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
remove pic
remove por
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move kie
den support nth move ska
gas support par move bur
hel support den
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move nth
gol support spa/sc
mid move eng
mun move bur
nth move ska
par move bur
pie support mar
ruh move hol
smy move con
spa/sc support wes move mid
swe support kie move den
tys move wes
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber hold
bur support gas move mar
con move bul
den support ska move swe
eng support nth move bel
gas move mar
hel move kie
hol support nth move bel
kie move den
gol support mar
mid move por
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move bel
nwy support swe
pie move tus
rom move tys
ruh move hol
ska move swe
spa/sc support mid move por
stp move fin
swe hold
tun move naf
tyr move pie
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support hol
bul move ser
eng move bre
hel support hol
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie support ruh move hol
gol move wes
mun move ruh
naf support wes move mid
nwy hold
pie move tyr
por support naf move mid
rom move tys
ruh move hol
sil move mun
ska support den
swe move den
tys move ion
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber move mun
bre hold
den support ska
hel support hol
hol support bel
ion move tys
kie support ruh move hol
mid move iri
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nwy support swe
ruh move hol
ser move alb
sil support ber move mun
ska support den
spa/sc support naf move mid
swe hold
tyr support ven move pie
tys move gol
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
bel support hol
ber support sil move mun
bre move eng
fin support nwy move swe
hel move nth
hol support bel
iri move lvp
kie support ruh move hol
gol move mar
mid move nat
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nwy move swe
por move mid
ruh move hol
sil move mun
ska support hel move nth
swe move nwy
tus support tyr move pie
tyr move pie
tys hold
ven move pie
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
ber hold
bur move par
eng move bre
fin support swe move nwy
hol move kie
iri move wal
kie move den
mid move bre
mun hold
nat convoy tus move cly
nth move nrg
nwy move swe
ruh move hol
sil move boh
ska support den
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tus move cly via convoy
tys convoy tus move lon
wes convoy tus move cly
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army rom
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support boh move mun
bla support sev
boh move mun
bud support vie
eng move lon
fin move swe
hol move kie
kie support swe move den
mid support par move bre
mun move bur
nat support wal move lvp
nth move hel
nrg move nth
nwy hold
par move bre
pie support tyr
ruh support mun move bur
ska support den
swe move den
tus support pie
tyr support vie
tys convoy tus move cly
vie support tyr
wal move lvp
wes support mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvp move iri
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move rum
bur move par
den support hel move kie
fin move nwy
hel move kie
hol move kie
iri move lvp
kie support swe move den
lon move wal
lvp support mid move iri
mid hold
nat move cly
nth move nrg
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
ruh move bel
ska support den
spa/sc support mid
swe move den
tyr move tri
tys move gol
vie move bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove hel
build Army mos
remove nrg
remove ska
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support kie move hol
ber move kie
bla convoy con move rum
bud move tri
cly move edi
con move rum via convoy
den move nth
hol move bel
iri move lvp
kie move hol
gol move mar
mid move eng
mar move spa/sc
mun support ber move kie
rom move ven
rum move bud
spa/sc move mid
tri move vie
tus move pie
ven move pie
wal support iri
wes move naf
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army/dislodged hol
Russia: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move ruh
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move lon
edi support eng move nth
eng support mid move iri
iri move lvp
kie hold
lvp support mid move iri
mid move iri
mar support ven move pie
nth move lon
nwy move swe
rom move ven
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tus move pie
ven move pie
wal support nth move lon
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
England: fleet/dislodged iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
iri move nat
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove nat
remove ruh
build Fleet stp/nc
remove wal
build Army war
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel hold
den support nwy move nth
edi move yor
eng move nth
hol support nwy move nth
iri move eng
lon hold
lvp move wal
mar move gol
mos hold
mun hold
naf move mid
nwy move nth
par hold
pie move mar
stp/nc move nwy
war hold
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet yor
ORDERS
den hold
eng move nth
fin move nwy
iri move eng
kie move ruh
lon move nth
gol move mar
mid move nat
mar move gas
nth hold
nwy move nrg
par hold
tun move wes
tus move pie
wal support yor move lon
war move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move yor via convoy
bla support sev
bre support gas move par
eng move pic
gas move par
hol move bel
iri hold
mos hold
mun hold
nat move cly
nth convoy bel move yor
nrg convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi via convoy
rum support sev
swe move nwy
ukr hold
wal move lvp
wes move mid
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Turkey: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Russia: army/dislodged par
Russia: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
par move bur
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Turkey: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Russia: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel move eng
bla convoy con move rum
bre support par
bud move gal
bur move bel
cly support lvp
con move rum via convoy
edi hold
gre move ion
iri move eng
lon support iri move eng
lvp support cly
mid move nat
nth support yor move lon
nrg support edi
par hold
pic move bel
pie support mar
ruh support bur move bel
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
spa/sc move mid
tri move vie
tyr support vie move boh
vie move boh
yor move lon
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Turkey: fleet/dislodged lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Russia: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move wal
ukr move war
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
remove pie
build Army rom
build Army stp
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh move sil
bre support pic
bur move gas
cly support nat move nrg
edi support nwy move yor
gal move war
ion move tys
iri move eng
lon support nwy move yor
mid move spa/nc
mar hold
mos hold
nat move nrg
nth convoy nwy move yor
nwy move yor via convoy
par hold
pic support iri move eng
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum support ukr
sev move mos
stp support mos
tyr move mun
ukr support gal move war
ven move pie
vie move gal
wal support iri move eng
war hold
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Russia: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Russia: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bel move eng
bre support par
bur support gas move mar
cly support lvp
edi support yor move lvp
eng support pic move bel
gal support war
gas move mar
lon move wal
lvn move war
lvp support wal
mar hold
mos support lvn move war
mun move ber
nth move yor
par hold
pic move bel
pie support mar
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil support tyr move mun
stp move lvn
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr support sev move mos
wal support lvp
war support sev move mos
yor move lvp
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Russia: fleet/dislodged bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Russia: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Russia: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove ber
build Army con
build Army rom
build Army smy
remove stp
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Russia: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support eng move nth
bla convoy con move rum
bre support par
con move rum via convoy
edi hold
eng move nth
gal move war
lon hold
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mos support war move lvn
mun move kie
nrg move nwy
par hold
pie support mar
rom move ven
sil move ber
smy move syr
spa/nc hold
ven move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
lvn move pru
nth move nrg
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bel hold
ber support kie
bre support par
bur hold
cly support lvp
edi hold
gas hold
kie support ber
lon hold
lvn move stp
lvp support wal
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
nth support bel
nrg hold
par hold
pie support mar
pru hold
rum move bud
sev move rum
spa/nc hold
tyr move mun
ukr move war
wal support lvp
war move lvn
yor hold
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove den
remove edi
remove hol
remove lon
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber support lvn move pru
bla convoy con move rum
bre support par
bud move tri
bur hold
con move rum via convoy
gas hold
kie move den
lvn move pru
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mos move stp
nap move ion
nth move lon
nrg hold
nwy move swe
par hold
pie support mar
pru hold
rom move ven
rum move bud
spa/nc hold
stp move fin
syr move arm
ven move tyr
wal support nth move lon
war support lvn move pru
yor hold
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Russia: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Russia: army/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
pru move sil
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Russia: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
bla move con
bre support par
bud move vie
bur hold
cly move nat
con move bul
den support ber move kie
fin move nwy
gas hold
hol hold
lon hold
gol move spa/sc
mar move gol
mun hold
pie move mar
pru move ber
rum move ser
sev move ukr
sil hold
spa/nc move mid
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri support bud move vie
tyr support mun
ven move pie
wal move eng
war move sil
yor hold
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Russia: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
remove bur
remove gas
build Fleet nap
remove nrg
build Fleet rom
remove sil
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
remove yor
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
arm move syr
ber support kie
den support kie
ion move gre
gol move spa/sc
mid move iri
mar move bur
mun hold
nat move nrg
nap move ion
par move pic
pie support ven
rom move tys
ser support tri
spa/sc move mid
tri support vie
tyr support mun
ukr move war
ven hold
vie support tri
war move sil
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
ber support kie
bre hold
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den support kie
eng support nrg move nth
mid move nat
mun hold
nrg move nth
pie support ven
ser support tri
sil move boh
smy move eas
spa/sc move mid
tyr support mun
ven hold
vie support sil move boh
war move sil
yor hold
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas
ber support kie
boh support vie
den support kie
eas support aeg
eng move nth
fin support stp
gre hold
hol hold
ion support gre
mid hold
mun hold
nat move nrg
nth move hel
pic move bel
pie support ven
ruh support hol
ser support tri
sil support boh
stp support fin
tri support vie
tyr support mun
tys hold
ven hold
vie support boh
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Turkey: fleet hel
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas
bel support hol
ber support kie
boh support sil
den support kie
eas support aeg
gre hold
hel support nth
hol hold
ion support gre
mun hold
nrg move nwy
pie support ven
ruh support hol
ser support tri
sil support boh
tri support vie
tyr support mun
ven hold
vie support tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Turkey: fleet hel
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas
bel support hol
ber support kie
den support kie
eas support aeg
edi hold
gre hold
hel support kie
hol hold
lvp move cly
mid move nat
mun hold
nwy hold
pie support ven
ruh support kie move hol
ser support tri
sil support boh
swe support nwy
tyr support mun
ven hold
vie support tri
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Turkey: fleet hel
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bel support hol
ber support kie
bul move gre
cly support iri move lvp
den support kie
eas support aeg
gre move ion
hel support kie
hol hold
ion move adr
iri move lvp
mun hold
nat move nrg
nwy hold
pie support ven
ruh support hol
ser support bul move gre
sil support boh
swe support nwy
tyr support mun
ven hold
vie support tri
PHASE 1921 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet hel
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bel support hol
ber support kie
boh support vie
cly support nrg move edi
den support kie
eas move ion
hel support kie
hol hold
mun hold
nth move yor
nrg move edi
nwy hold
pie support ven
ruh support hol
ser support tri
sil support boh
swe support nwy
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven hold
vie support tri
PHASE 1921 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet hel
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Turkey: fleet yor
ORDERS
ion move nap
PHASE 1921 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet hel
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Turkey: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bel support hol
ber support kie
cly move nrg
den support kie
edi hold
gre move alb
hel support kie
ion support gre move alb
nap hold
nwy hold
pie support ven
ruh support hol
ser support tri
sil support boh
swe support nwy
tyr support mun
ven hold
vie support tri
wes move tun
yor move nth
PHASE 1921 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet hel
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1922 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet hel
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb support tri
ber support kie
boh support vie
den support kie
fin support stp
hel support kie
ion support alb
nth support nrg
nrg support nth
ser support tri
sil support boh
stp support fin
tri support vie
vie support tri
PHASE 1922 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet hel
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
