PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move apu
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move con
apu move ven
bot move swe
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul/sc
den move nth
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move nth
nth move hel
pic move bel
ruh move hol
rum support bul
ser move gre
spa move por
stp move nwy
ukr support rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army smy
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support par move bur
ber move bal
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move gre
con move aeg
den move nth
hel support lon move nth
hol hold
ion hold
kie move den
lon move nth
mos move ukr
mun move kie
nap move ion
nwy support swe
par move bur
pic support bre move eng
por move spa
rom move tys
rum move sev
ser support bud move tri
stp move fin
swe hold
tri move vie
tun support nap move ion
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move hel
bel move hol
bur move ruh
con move bul
den support bal move hel
eas move aeg
eng support bel
fin support swe
gal move bud
gre support con move bul
hel support bel move hol
hol support kie
ion support ser move gre
kie support den
lon move wal
mun support kie
nth support bel move hol
nwy support swe
pic move bel
rum support gal move bud
ser move gre
sev move bla
spa hold
swe support den
tri support vie move bud
tun move ion
tyr move boh
tys support tun move ion
ukr move gal
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move kie
bel hold
bla support rum
boh move tyr
bul move ser
con support aeg
den support bal move kie
eas move aeg
eng hold
fin move swe
gal move bud
gre support bul move ser
hel move den
hol move kie
ion move adr
kie move ruh
mar support par move bur
mun support kie move ruh
nth support hel move den
nwy support fin move swe
par move bur
ruh support hol move kie
rum support gal move bud
ser support tri move bud
spa move gas
swe move bal
tri move bud
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ukr move war
vie support gal move bud
wal move yor
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move ska
ser move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support con
alb support tri move ser
bal support ska move den
bel move hol
bla move rum
bud hold
bur move mun
con support aeg
den support hol move kie
eng move bel
fin support swe
gas move bur
gre support ser
hol move kie
ion move alb
mar support gas move bur
mun support ruh move kie
nth support den
nwy support swe
ruh move kie
rum move gal
ser support gre
ska move den
swe support nwy
tri move ser
tun move ion
tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
remove eas
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army rom
remove ska
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move arm
bal hold
bel move hol
bud support tri move ser
bur move mun
con move bla
den support hol move kie
edi move nth
eng move mid
fin move swe
gal move rum
gas support par move bur
gre move bul
hol move kie
ion hold
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move boh
nth move hel
nwy support fin move swe
par move bur
rom move ven
ruh hold
rum move bla
ser support tri move bud
sil support bur move mun
smy move con
swe move bal
tri move bud
tun move tys
ven move adr
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
arm move sev
bal support sil move ber
boh move mun
bud move gal
bul support ser move rum
bur support mun
con move bla
den support lon move kie
gal move ukr
gas move mar
hel convoy lon move kie
hol move bel
ion hold
kie move ber
lon move kie
mid move spa/sc
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy lon move kie
pie move tyr
ruh support lon move kie
rum move bla
ser move rum
sev support rum
sil move ber
smy move con
tys hold
ven move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bal
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lvp
build Army rom
remove ruh
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
ank move con
arm move sev
bel support hol
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul support rum
bur move ruh
con move bla
den move kie
fin move stp
hel support nwy move hol
hol support bur move ruh
ion move aeg
kie support nwy move hol
lvp move iri
mar hold
mun support bur move ruh
nth convoy nwy move hol
nwy move hol via convoy
rom move ven
rum support bud move gal
sev hold
spa/sc move mid
swe hold
tyr support mun
tys move ion
ukr support sev
ven move alb via convoy
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support ser move bul
alb move gre
arm move ank
bel move nth
ber support kie move mun
bla move con
bul move ser
con move bul
den move kie
eng move lon
gre move alb
hel support hol
hol hold
ion support alb move gre
iri move mid
kie move mun
mid move iri
mar move bur
mun move kie
nth move lon
ruh move bel
rum support bul move ser
ser move bul
sev move ukr
stp move lvn
swe move ska
tyr support mun
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Fleet lon
build Army nap
build Army rom
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support gre move bul
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support bul
bud support ser move rum
bul move ser
bur move mun
con support bul
eng support bel
gal move bud
gre move bul
hel support hol
hol support mun move ruh
ion convoy nap move alb
iri move mid
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn move pru
mid move nat
mun move ruh
nap move alb via convoy
nth support lon move eng
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum support gal move bud
ser move rum
sil move mun
tyr support bur move mun
ukr support rum
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move bre
mun disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
alb move gre
bel move hol
bla support con move bul
bre move eng
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
eng move bel
gal support ukr move rum
hel support hol
hol support eng move bel
ion move eas
kie move ruh
mid move spa/sc
mun move kie
nat move lvp
nth support eng move bel
pru move ber
ruh support mun move kie
rum support con move bul
ser support bud
sil move mun
smy support con
tri move vie
tyr support mun
ukr move rum
ven move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel disband
kie move den
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
ber support mun
bla move ank
bud move rum
bul support rum
con move bla
den move kie
eas move smy
eng support ruh move bel
gal support ukr move rum
gre move bul
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
ion move aeg
kie support tyr move mun
lvp move wal
mun support den move kie
nap move tys
nth move edi
par move pic
ruh move bel
rum support bul
ser support gre move bul
sev support ukr move rum
ska move nth
smy support bla move ank
spa/sc move mid
swe move den
tri move bud
tyr support kie move mun
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
war support gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
kie move ruh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank support con
bel hold
ber move mun
bla move sev
bud move rum
bul move con
con support smy
den support hel move kie
eas move smy
edi move nrg
eng move mid
gal support rum
hel move kie
hol hold
kie support ber move mun
mid move por
mun move bur
nth support hol
pic support bel
ruh support tyr move mun
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
smy support con
tri move bud
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven move tri
vie move gal
wal move lon
war support gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
smy move syr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove gal
build Army mar
build Army rom
remove syr
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move bla
bel move hol
ber support bur move mun
bla convoy bul move arm
bud support rum
bul move arm via convoy
bur move mun
con support ank
den move nth
edi move cly
hol move ruh
lon move nth
mid move gas
mar move bur
mun move ber
nth move bel
pic move par
por move spa/nc
rom move ven
ruh support bel move hol
rum support vie move gal
ser move bul
sev hold
smy support aeg move con
tri move tyr
ukr support sev
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel hold
ber support mun
bla support rum move sev
boh move mun
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur support boh move mun
cly move lvp
con support arm move ank
den support kie
gal move ukr
gas move spa/nc
hol support ruh move bel
lon move nth
gol support pie move mar
mun hold
nrg move nwy
par move pic
pie move mar
ruh move ruh
rum move sev
sil support mun
smy hold
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move war
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
