PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun move tyr
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move tus
smy move ank
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move arm
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bla
fin move swe
kie move den
lvn hold
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
ser hold
sev move rum
spa move por
tri move ven
tus move pie
tyr move vie
tys move tun
ven move tyr
war hold
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber support mun
bla support arm move sev
bre move eng
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den move kie
hol hold
ion move nap
kie move bal
lon move eng
lvn move war
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pie support tyr move ven
por move spa
ser move gre
sev move rum
spa/sc move mid
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr move ven
ven move rom
vie support mun move tyr
war move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move swe
ber move sil
bla support sev
bre move mid
bul move gre
con move bul
gal support rum
hol hold
kie support hol
lon move eng
mid move iri
mos move sev
nap support rom
nth support lon move eng
nwy support bal move swe
pie move ven
rom support tri move ven
rum support mos move sev
ser move bud
sev hold
spa move gas
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys support ven move rom
ven move rom
vie support tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lvp
remove pie
remove rum
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
remove tus
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
bla convoy ank move rum
bre move eng
bul support ank move rum
eng move bel
gal move ukr
gas move wal via convoy
gre hold
hol support kie
iri convoy gas move wal
kie support swe move den
mid convoy gas move wal
mar move bur
nth support eng move bel
sev move ukr
sil support vie move gal
smy move aeg
swe move den
tri move ser
tyr move boh
tys move wes
vie move gal
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bla support sev
boh support gal
bud move rum
bul support gre move ser
bur move bel
den hold
eng support bur move bel
gal move war
gre move ser
hol hold
iri move lvp
kie move ber
mid move spa/sc
nap move ion
nth support bel
nwy move swe
pic support bur move bel
rom move ven
rum support gre move ser
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
sil support gal move war
ven move tri
wal support iri move lvp
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvp move cly
ser disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel hold
ber move kie
bla convoy con move sev
boh move gal
bud hold
bul move ser
cly move lvp
con move sev via convoy
den move ska
eng support bel
lvp move wal
mid support eng
mar move spa/sc
nth support lon
pic move bur
rum support con move sev
ser move alb
sev move ukr
sil move war
smy move eas
swe move nwy
tri support bud
wal move yor
war move ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
bel hold
bla convoy con move rum
bud hold
bur support bel
con move rum via convoy
eas move ion
eng support wal move lon
gal move ukr
ion move adr
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid support eng
mar move spa/sc
nth move edi
nwy move stp
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support con move rum
sil move war
ska move swe
stp/nc move bar
tri support bud
ven support tri
wal move lon
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bud move vie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
remove stp
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb support ser move tri
ank move rum via convoy
bar move nrg
bla convoy ank move rum
bre move mid
bud support rum move gal
bur move mar
den hold
eng support lon move nth
hol move nth
ion hold
lon move nth
lvn move stp
mid move naf
mar move spa/sc
mun move tyr
nth move edi
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev support ank move rum
swe move nwy
ukr move mos
wal move iri
war support ukr move mos
wes move tys
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
nth move ska
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support tri
bla move sev
bud support gal move vie
den hold
eng move mid
gal move vie
ion move tun
iri move lvp
mid move wes
mos hold
naf move tun
nth move edi
nrg support ska move nwy
nwy hold
rum move gal
sev move ukr
ska move nwy
spa/sc move gol
stp support nwy
tri support gal move vie
tyr hold
tys move rom
war hold
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
remove iri
build Army kie
build Army mun
remove nrg
build Army par
remove ska
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
alb move apu via convoy
ank move arm
ber move sil
bud move tri
gal move war
ion hold
kie move ber
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun support tyr
naf move tun
par move gas
rom move tys
sev hold
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
tri move tyr
ukr support gal move war
vie support tri move tyr
war support mos move ukr
wes move tys
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
aeg support ion
apu move ven
arm move sev
ber move mun
bud move tri
gal support ukr move war
ion support nap
lvn support war
gol support tys
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nap support ven move rom
pie move tus
rom move tys
sev move bla
sil move gal
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tys support ven move rom
ukr move war
ven move rom
vie support tri move tyr
war support sil move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army mar
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support ion
ank move rum via convoy
bla convoy ank move rum
boh move vie
den move kie
gal support tyr move boh
gas hold
hol move nth
lvn support mos
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nwy move nrg
pie support mun move tyr
rom move ven
sev move mos
sil move gal
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus support rom move ven
tyr move boh
tys move nap
ukr support gal
vie support gal
war support sil move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support ion
apu support rom move ven
bel move hol
boh support mun move tyr
gal support tyr move boh
gas move bur
kie support mun
lvn support mos
gol move wes
mar support gas move bur
mos hold
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
pie support mun move tyr
rom move ven
rum support gal
sev move mos
sil support war move gal
tri support ven
tun support nap move ion
tus support rom move ven
tyr move boh
tys support nap move ion
ukr move war
ven support rom
vie support tyr move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move mun
ion move gre
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
apu support rom move ven
bel move bur
bla move con
boh move sil
bur move gas
gal support boh move sil
gre support aeg move ion
ion move adr
kie move ber
lvn support mos
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nth move eng
pie support tyr
rom move ven
rum move ukr
sev support ukr move mos
sil support war move gal
tri support ven
tun support ion
tus support rom move ven
tyr support mun move boh
tys support tun move ion
ukr move mos
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move alb
mos move stp
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move adr
apu support alb move adr
ber support sil
boh move sil
con move aeg
eng move mid
gal support mos move war
gas move bre
gre support ion move alb
ion move alb
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mos move war
mun support sil
nwy move bar
pie support tyr move ven
sev move mos
sil support war
stp support lvn move mos
tri support vie
tun support gol move tys
tus support ven
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ukr support mos move war
ven hold
vie support tri
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet/dislodged adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove bar
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
aeg move ion
alb support ion move adr
apu hold
ber support sil
boh move sil
bre hold
edi move cly
gal support boh move sil
gre support aeg move ion
ion move adr
lvn support mos
mid move wes
mun move boh
nap move ion
pie support tyr
sev move mos
sil move war
smy move eas
stp support mos
tri support vie
tun support nap move ion
tyr move vie
tys support nap move ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven hold
vie support tri
war support boh move sil
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support eas move ion
alb support eas move ion
ber move sil
boh move gal
eas move ion
gal support vie
gre support eas move ion
ion hold
lvn move war
mos hold
pie move tyr
pru support lvn move war
sev move mos
sil move pru
stp support mos
tun support ion
tyr move mun
tys support ion
ukr support sev move mos
vie support tri
war support sil move pru
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
