PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move sil
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom hold
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
den hold
eng support pic move bel
gal move bud
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
rom move tun
ruh move hol
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
sil move boh
spa move mar
tri move vie
tys convoy rom move tun
ukr move sev
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move sil
boh move vie
bud move rum
den move ska
edi move nth
eng hold
hol hold
mos hold
mun move tyr
nwy support edi move nth
par move bur
rom move tys
ser support tri move bud
sev support bud move rum
ska support nwy
spa move por
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move bud
tun move naf
tys move wes
ukr support bud move rum
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
boh move vie
bud support vie
bul hold
bur move mar
con move bla
den support eng move nth
eng move mid
mar move gol
mos move sev
naf move spa
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg support lon move nwy
nwy hold
pie move mar
por move spa
rum hold
ser move tri
sev move bla
sil move boh
ska support lon move nwy
swe support nwy
tyr support boh move vie
tys move gol
ukr support rum
wes convoy naf move spa
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove lon
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
boh move tyr
bud move gal
bul hold
bur move mar
con move bla
den move nth
gre move alb
hol hold
mar move spa/sc
mos support sev
naf move spa
nth support ska move den
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
pie move mar
por support mar move spa/sc
rum hold
sev move bla
sil move boh
ska move den
swe support nwy
tri support vie
tyr move ven
tys move gol
ukr support rum
vie support bud move gal
war move gal
wes convoy naf move spa
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move kie
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
bel move bur
boh move vie
bur move mar
den support nth move hel
gal support vie
hol support kie
kie move den
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mos move sev
naf move spa
nth move hel
nrg move nth
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
rum move ser
sev move bla
spa/sc support mid move wes
swe support nwy
tri move ser
tyr move pie
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move pie
vie support alb move tri
war move gal
wes convoy naf move spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
bla convoy sev move ank
boh move tyr
bud support gal
bur support spa/sc move mar
den support hel move kie
gal support bud
hel move kie
hol hold
kie move den
lon move eng
gol move tys
mar move gas
naf move tun
nth move hol
nwy support swe
pie support spa/sc move mar
por move spa
rum move ser
sev move ank
spa/sc move mar
swe support nwy
tri move ser
tys move rom
ukr move rum
ven move rom
vie support alb move tri
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ber
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank support bla move con
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla move con
bud support tri move ser
bur move par
den support kie
eng move bel
gal move ukr
gas move bre
hol support ber move kie
gol move spa/sc
mar support wes move gol
nth support eng move bel
nwy move nth
pie move ven
rum hold
swe move den
tun hold
tyr move vie
tys move rom
ukr support rum
ven move rom
vie support alb move tri
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gol move tus
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
remove pic
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
arm move sev
bel support lon move hol
bre hold
bul move gre
con move aeg
den move kie
edi support nth
hol move bel
kie move den
lon move hol
gol support pie move tus
mar move spa/sc
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move nth
par hold
pie move tus
rum support war move gal
sev move bla
spa move gas
stp/nc move bar
swe support kie move den
tun move rom
tus support tun move rom
tyr move vie
tys convoy tun move rom
ukr support war move gal
ven support pie move tus
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
hol move kie
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bla move bul/ec
alb move adr
bar move nrg
bla move bul/ec
bre hold
bud move ser
den support kie
edi move nrg
gal move rum
gas move bur
gre move ser
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
kie hold
gol move tys
nth move den
nwy move nth
rom move ven
rum move sev
sev move mos
spa/sc move mid
swe support den
tri support rom move ven
tus move rom
tyr move vie
tys move tus
ukr support rum move sev
ven support tus move rom
vie move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
ven move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army nap
remove rom
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg convoy smy move bul
bar support nwy move nrg
bel move nth
ber move mun
bre move gas
bud support tri move ser
bul/ec move con
bur move pic
den hold
edi support bel move nth
gre move ser
hol support kie
kie support nth move den
lon move eng
mid move bre
mos move war
nap move rom
nwy move nrg
par support mid move bre
pie move mar
rum support smy move bul
sev move mos
smy move bul
stp/sc hold
swe move ska
tri move ser
tus move gol
tyr support ber move mun
tys move tun
ukr support sev move mos
ven hold
vie support adr move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bar move nwy
bel support nth
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul move gre
con support rum move bul
den move bal
edi support nth
eng move mid
gas move spa
gre move bul
hol support kie
kie support nth move den
gol move pie
mar move spa
mos support ukr move war
mun support tyr move boh
nth move den
nrg move nat
par move bre
pic move bur
rom hold
rum move bul
ser support gre move bul
ska support bar move nwy
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
tyr move boh
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gre
remove mar
remove rom
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support mun move ber
bel support edi move nth
boh move mun
bot move swe
bre support par move gas
bud support gal move rum
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move aeg
den support edi move nth
edi move nth
eng move iri
gal move rum
gas support pie move mar
hol move kie
kie move ber
mos move ukr
mun move ber
nat support nwy move nrg
nwy move nrg
par move gas
pie move mar
rum support bul move ser
ser support gal move rum
ska support bot move swe
stp/nc move nwy
tri move alb
tun move tys
tyr support vie move boh
vie move boh
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: army/dislodged gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gas move spa
rum move sev
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move adr
bal move den
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move mar
den support kie
gas support bur move mar
hol support kie
ion move nap
iri move lvp
kie support den
mun move kie
nat support bre move mid
nth move edi
nrg move edi
nwy move nth
pie move mar
rum support bud move gal
ser support rum
sev support bul move rum
ska support nwy move nth
spa support pie move mar
swe support bal move den
tyr move mun
tys move rom
ukr support bul move rum
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Russia: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den disband
mun move ruh
nth disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel support lon move nth
ber support ruh move kie
boh move gal
bre move pic
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc move aeg
bur move mar
den support ruh move kie
edi support lon move nth
gas move spa
hol move kie
kie move ber
lon move nth
mid support gas move spa
mos move war
mun support kie move ber
nat move cly
nap move ion
nth move hol
nrg support ska move nth
pie move gol
rom move tus
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser move rum
sev support ukr move rum
ska move nth
spa move mar
swe move nwy
ukr move rum
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: army/dislodged spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
nth move yor
spa move por
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
ber support hol move kie
bul support sev move rum
bur move bel
cly move edi
den hold
edi support lvp move cly
hol move kie
kie move ber
lvp move cly
gol move tys
mid move por
mun support hol move kie
nap move ion
nth move lon
nrg support cly move edi
nwy support ska move nth
pic support bur move bel
por move spa
pru support kie move ber
sev move rum
sil move mun
ska move nth
spa support mid move por
tus move tys
ukr support sev move rum
war move gal
yor support cly move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army lvp
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud support gal
bul move ser
cly move edi
den support ber move kie
edi support nrg move cly
gal support bud
gre support nap move ion
kie move hol
lon support lvp move yor
lvp move yor
gol move tys
mos move ukr
mun support kie move ber
nap move ion
nth move lon
nrg move cly
nwy move swe
par move pic
pic move bur
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
rum move bud
ser support bud
sev move bla
sil move mun
spa move mar
tus move tys
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
yor support nth move lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
England: fleet/dislodged cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
cly move nat
gal move vie
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
bel move hol
ber move mun
bla support ukr move rum
bud support ser
bul support rum move ser
bur move mar
cly hold
edi support cly
eng support yor move lon
gal move bud
gre move alb
ion support gre move alb
kie support ber move mun
lon support lvp move yor
lvp move yor
gol move wes
mar move pie
mun hold
nth support yor move lon
pic move bel
rum move ser
ser support bud
sil move gal
spa/sc support bur move mar
swe hold
tus move tys
ukr move rum
vie move boh
war support sil move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
lon disband
mun move tyr
ser move gre
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army par
build Army sev
remove wes
remove yor
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move ruh
ber support mun
bla move con
boh move vie
bre move pic
bud support gre move ser
bul support alb move gre
cly move lvp
den support kie
edi move cly
gal support sil move boh
gre move ser
hol support bel move ruh
ion move nap
kie hold
lon move wal
mar move pie
mun hold
nat move lvp
nth move nrg
par move bur
pie move tus
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move rum
sil move boh
spa/sc move gol
swe hold
tri move alb
tyr move ven
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support bud move tri
ber support mun
boh support gal move vie
bud move tri
bul support sev move rum
bur move mun
cly support wal move lvp
con move aeg
den support kie
edi move yor
eng move nth
gal move vie
gre hold
hol move kie
kie hold
mun hold
nap hold
nrg move nth
pic move bel
pie move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move rum
sil move gal
swe hold
tus support pie move ven
tys move ion
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
ven disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
