PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
bud move ser
kie move den
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
rom support ven
stp/sc move fin
ven hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move ser
rom move tun via convoy
ser move gre
tys hold
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move ser
gre support ser move bul
rom move tun via convoy
ser move bul
tri move adr
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
bul support ser move rum
rom move tun via convoy
ser move rum
tri move ser
tys hold
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom move tun via convoy
tys hold
ven hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom move tun via convoy
tys hold
ven hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
rom move tun via convoy
tri move adr
tys hold
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
rom move ven
rum support gal move ukr
tri move ven
tys move gol
ven move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
gal support rum move ukr
gol support pie
pie move mar
ser support bud move rum
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
gal support rum move ukr
ion move aeg
gol convoy pie move spa
rum move ukr
ser support bud move rum
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bul move con
gal move rum
gol convoy pie move spa
pie move spa via convoy
rum move bul
ukr move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
con support aeg move smy
gol move spa/sc
spa move por
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move rum
mos support rum move sev
nap move tys
por move spa
rom hold
rum move sev
spa/sc move gol
tri move adr
vie move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move war
gol support spa move mar
mos support gal move war
rom move tun via convoy
spa move mar
tys convoy rom move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
