PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move rum
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
eng hold
gal move bud
hol support ruh move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
nap move tun
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
pic hold
ruh move bel
sev support ukr move rum
spa move por
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army smy
build Army stp
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
bel move bur
ber support kie move mun
bla hold
boh move gal
bre move pic
bud support gal
bul move gre
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
edi move nrg
eng move lon
gal move bud
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie move mun
mun move kie
nap move tun
nth move ska
nwy move swe
pic move bel
rom move ven
rum support gal move bud
sev support rum
smy move con
stp hold
swe hold
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move ser
mun disband
swe move bal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ion move gre
bal support den
ber move sil
bla move con
boh support ven move tyr
bre move pic
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
den hold
eng move lon
hol move bel
ion move gre
mun support ber move sil
nap move gre
nrg move bar
pic move bel
rum support war move gal
sev support rum
ska move nwy
smy move con
stp move nwy
swe support ska move nwy
ven move tyr
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ser move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal hold
bar move nwy
ber support sil move mun
boh move vie
bre move pic
bud support gal move vie
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
eng support pic move bel
gal move vie
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lon move nth
mar move spa
mun move bur
nwy move swe
pic move bel
rom move ven
rum move ukr
ser support bul move gre
sev move rum
sil move mun
smy move con
stp move mos
swe move bot
tri move ser
tyr move mun
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move swe
ber support mun
bot move stp/sc
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur support hol move bel
con move bul
den support bal move swe
eng move bel
gre move aeg
hol move bel
lon hold
mos move ukr
mun support bur
nap move rom
nth move den
nwy support bot move stp
pic move bel
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bul/ec
ser support bul move gre
smy move con
spa move por
swe support nth move den
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove boh
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lvp
remove rom
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bal move swe
bel hold
ber move mun
bur move gas
den support bal move swe
eng move bel
gal move bud
kie move hol
lvp move iri
mun move bur
nth move den
nwy move ska
pic move bel
por move spa
ruh support kie move hol
rum move bla
sev support rum move bla
stp/sc move bot
swe move bal
tri move ser
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bal move lvn
bel support hol move nth
ber move mun
bla move bul/ec
bot move bal
bud move ser
bur move par
con move bul
den support bal move swe
eng move bel
gas support bur move par
gre hold
hol move nth
iri move mid
nth convoy lon move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bur
rum support bud move ser
sev move arm
ska support nth
smy hold
spa hold
swe support bot move bal
tri support bud move ser
tyr move mun
ven move pie
vie support tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bal support swe move den
bel support hol move nth
ber support kie
bla support arm move ank
bur move mar
con move bul
den support kie
gas support bur move mar
hol move nth
kie support den
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn move pru
mid move eng
mun move tyr
nth convoy lon move nwy
par move bre
rum move bul
ser move tri
ska support swe move den
smy move con
spa move por
swe move den
tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
bal move kie
bel move nth
ber support mun
bla move con
bre hold
con support smy move ank
den support bal move kie
edi move nth
eng support edi move nth
gas move bur
gre move bul
ion move aeg
kie support ber
mar move pie
mun support ber
nth move nrg
pic move bre
pie move mar
por move spa
pru move ber
rum move bul
sil support pru move ber
ska support edi move nth
smy move ank
tri move ser
tyr move ven
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hel
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lvp
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move hol
ber support mun
bla support ank move con
bre hold
bur move ruh
den move hel
edi move nrg
eng move bel
hel move kie
kie support pru move ber
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mun support ber
nth support eng move bel
nrg move nwy
pru move ber
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
sil move boh
ska move nwy
spa move gas
tyr support sil move boh
ven support tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support con move smy
bel support nth move hol
ber support mun
bla move con
boh move mun
bre move pic
bul support ser move gre
con move smy
den move hel
edi move nrg
gas move bur
hel support hol
hol support ruh move kie
iri move mid
kie support bel move hol
lon move wal
mun support ber
nth support bel move hol
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
pru move ber
ser move gre
sil support pru move ber
ska move nwy
tyr support boh move mun
ven support tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
remove pic
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move sev
bel move hol
bul move ser
bur move mun
con support smy move aeg
den move hel
edi support nth
hel hold
hol hold
kie support den move hel
lon move eng
mid move por
mar support pie
mos move stp
nth support bel move hol
nrg move nat
pie move ven
ruh support bur move mun
sev move rum
sil support mun
ska move nwy
smy move aeg
tyr move ven
ven move rom
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Russia: army tyr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Russia: army tyr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
bur move mun
con move smy
edi move nrg
eng convoy wal move bre
gal move boh
gre hold
hel support kie move hol
hol hold
kie hold
mar move pie
mun support ber move kie
nat move nrg
nth move bel
nwy hold
pie move ven
por move spa/sc
rom support tyr move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bud
ser move tri
sev move ukr
sil support mun
stp move nwy
tyr move ven
wal move bre via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
