PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
lon move eng
mar move spa
mos move war
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bla support bul
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
gal move vie
ion move tun
lon move eng
nth move bel
rum hold
ser move bud
spa move por
tri move ser
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bla support bul
bre move eng
bud hold
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move bul
gre move alb
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mos move ukr
nap move tys
nth move den
par move pic
por move spa
rum hold
ser hold
sev hold
sil support swe move ber
tri hold
tun move wes
tyr support tri
ven support tri
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
boh move mun
bud move vie
bul move gre
con move bul
eng support pic move bel
pic move bel
ruh move hol
ser move gre
sil support boh move mun
spa hold
swe move bal
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
tys move gol
ukr move gal
ven move tri
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ser
arm move ank
bal support pru move ber
bel move lon via convoy
bla support bul
bre move mid
bud hold
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nrg
eng convoy bel move lon
gal hold
hol hold
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar move spa/sc
mun hold
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move bur
pru move ber
rum hold
ser hold
sev hold
sil support mun
spa move por
tri move bud
tyr hold
ven move pie
vie support tri move bud
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
bal move den
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud hold
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con hold
eng support bre move mid
gal move war
hol support bur move ruh
lon hold
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar support spa
mun support ber move kie
pie move mar
rum hold
ser move tri
sev hold
sil move mun
spa support mar
tyr move tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
kie hold
gol support pie move mar
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move den
pie move mar
por hold
rum hold
ser move tri
sev support rum
sil move ber
stp/sc hold
swe support nth move den
tyr hold
ven move tri
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank move smy
ber hold
bla support rum
bul support alb move ser
con hold
den hold
eng move wal
gal move ukr
hel move hol
hol support ruh move kie
ion move gre
kie support hel move hol
lon move yor
gol support mar move spa
mid support spa move por
mar move spa
mun hold
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
ruh move kie
rum move sev
ser move gre
sev move rum
spa move por
stp/sc hold
swe support den
tyr hold
ven move tri
vie hold
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ser move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet edi
build Army mar
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
bud move vie
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
hel support kie move den
hol support ruh
ion move gre
kie move den
gol move spa/sc
mid support por move spa
mar support por move spa
mun hold
nwy support bar move stp
por move spa
rum hold
sev hold
smy move con
spa move gas
stp/sc hold
swe support den
tri support vie move bud
tyr move mun
ukr move war
vie move bud
wal move lvp
war hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bud disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ber move mun via convoy
bud hold
bul support ser
con support bul
gas move par
hel move nth
hol move kie
ion move adr
kie hold
lvp hold
gol hold
mid move wes
mar support spa
mun hold
ruh support hol move kie
rum hold
ser support bul
sev move ukr
spa support mar
stp/sc hold
tri hold
tyr support tri
ukr move gal
war hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber support mun move kie
bre move par
bud hold
gal move sil
kie move mun
lvp move nat
gol hold
mar move bur
mun move kie
nth move hol
nwy support bar move stp
par move pic
ruh support kie move mun
rum hold
ser move gre
spa move mar
stp/sc hold
tri move alb
tyr move pie
ukr hold
war hold
wes move tys
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank move con
bar move stp/nc
ber move kie
bla support rum
bul move ser
bur move par
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nth
hol hold
ion move nap
lon move yor
gol support pie move mar
mar move spa
mun support ber move kie
nat move nrg
nwy support bar move stp
par move bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum hold
sil support mun
stp/sc hold
tys move rom
ukr move gal
ven move rom
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
stp/sc move bot
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bel move pic
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
gal move bud
gre support bul move ser
hol hold
kie move ber
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mun hold
nap hold
nth move lon
nrg move edi
nwy move swe
par move bre
pic move bre
sev move ukr
spa support bur move mar
stp/nc hold
tys move tun
ven move pie
war hold
yor support nrg move edi
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
spa move gas
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel hold
ber hold
bot move swe
bud hold
den move kie
edi hold
gas move bre
hol hold
gol support pie move mar
mar hold
mun hold
nap move ion
nwy move swe
par hold
pic move par
pie move mar
rum hold
spa move gas
tun hold
ukr move gal
war hold
yor move lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove sil
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bot move stp/sc
bre move gas
bud support gal move vie
edi move yor
gal move vie
hol hold
lvp move wal
mun support ber move kie
par move bur
rum hold
tun move tys
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bre move gas
bud move tri
bur move par
gas move spa
hol move bel
kie support mun move ruh
mun move ruh
ruh move bel
rum hold
tys move rom
vie support bud move tri
wal support yor move lon
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ruh move bur
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Army war
