PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar hold
mos move sev
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move con
arm move sev
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul support ion move gre
bur support pic move bel
edi move hol
ion move gre
mar move spa
mos move sev
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ser support alb move tri
sev move rum
tyr move vie
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
ber move kie
bud move tri
bur move bel
con move ank
den move hel
edi move yor
gre support bul
hol move kie
kie move den
lon move nth
mar move bur
mos support ukr move sev
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy support lon move nth
par move pic
rum support sev move bla
ser support bud move tri
sev move bla
smy move con
swe hold
tri move adr
tyr move tri
ukr move sev
ven support tyr move tri
vie support bud move tri
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel support bur move ruh
ber move mun
bla convoy sev move bul
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con support ank move bla
den support kie
eng move mid
gre support bul
hol hold
ion move tun
kie support mun move ruh
lon move eng
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nth support hol
nwy support nth
pic support bel
rum support bla
ser support sev move bul
sev move bul via convoy
spa move por
tri move ven
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tyr
war hold
yor move wal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army nap
build Army stp
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
bre support mid
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul/ec
den move hel
eng move nth
hol support bel move ruh
kie move den
mid convoy por move naf
mos move ukr
nap move apu
nth move hel
nwy hold
pic move bel
por move naf via convoy
rom move ven
rum support sev
ser support tyr move tri
sev support rum
stp move mos
tri move ser
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
apu move ven
arm move sev
bel support ruh
ber support kie
bla move rum
bul support tri move ser
bur move mun
den move kie
eng move nth
gre support bul
hol move kie
ion move adr
kie move ruh
mid move wes
mos support sev
mun support kie move ruh
naf move tun
nth move hel
nwy hold
rom support apu move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum support ser move bul
ser hold
sev support rum
tri move ser
tyr move vie
ukr support rum
ven move tri
wal hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel hold
ber support mun
bla support bul move rum
bre hold
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
bur support ruh move mun
con move aeg
den support kie
gal support rum
gre move ion
hel move den
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie support den
mar move pie
mos support sev
nth support hel move den
nwy hold
rom move tus
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser support ven move tri
sev support rum
tri move ser
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie move tri
wal move yor
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move bal
ser move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ven move tri
arm move sev
bal move ber
bel move bur
ber move sil
bla support arm move sev
bre move mid
bur move mar
den support hol move kie
gal support sev move rum
gre support aeg move bul
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie support mun
mos move sev
mun support kie
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy hold
pie move gol
ruh hold
rum support arm move sev
sev move rum
swe support bal move den
tus move pie
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
wes move tys
yor move hol
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move bul
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
remove sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support bul move ser
ber support kie
bla support bul move rum
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur support ruh move mun
den support hol move kie
edi move nwy
gal support rum
gre support con move bul
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie support mun
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mos move sev
mun support kie
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum support ser
ser support bud move tri
sev support bul move rum
swe move bot
tri support bul move ser
ukr support rum
vie support bud move tri
wes move tys
yor hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move sil
tri move ven
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ber move kie
bla support bul move rum
bot hold
bul move rum
bur support mun
den support hol move kie
gal support rum
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie move ruh
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support ukr move sev
mun move ber
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy support stp/nc
pie move tus
rum support ser move bul
ser support tri
sev support bul move rum
sil move ber
stp/nc hold
tri support vie move tyr
tys move rom
ukr move sev
ven move rom
vie move tyr
wes move tys
yor move hol
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove ber
build Army edi
remove gre
build Fleet lon
build Army par
remove sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support bul move rum
bot move bal
bul move rum
bur move ruh
den support hol move kie
edi move hol
gal support rum
hol move kie
ion support nap move tys
kie move ber
lon hold
gol support tys move tus
mos support sev
mun support bur move ruh
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy support stp/nc
par move pic
pie support tyr move ven
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support tri
sev hold
stp/nc hold
tri support tyr move ven
tun move naf
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys move tus
ven support mun move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move apu
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ven
arm move ank
ber support kie
bla move con
bul move gre
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
gal support rum
hol support pic move bel
ion move tun
kie support ber
lon move nth
gol support tus move tys
mos support sev
mun move sil
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie move tus
rom support apu move ven
ruh support pic move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move gre
sev support naf move arm
stp/nc hold
tri support ven
tun support tus move tys
tus move tys
tys support ion move tun
ven hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel disband
tys move wes
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bud
remove ion
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu support rom move ven
ber move pru
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
den move bal
gal move war
hol move kie
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvp move iri
gol move wes
mos support gal move war
naf move tun
nth move hol
nwy move nrg
rom move ven
ruh move mun
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil move war
stp/nc hold
swe move fin
tri move alb
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys move nap
vie move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
ank support bla move con
apu move ven
bal convoy ber move lvn
bel move pic
ber move lvn
bla move con
bud move ser
con move bul
fin move stp
gre support con move bul
hol hold
ion move apu
iri support nth move eng
kie move ber
mid move por
mos support war
nap support rom
nth move eng
nrg move nat
pru support sil move war
rom support nap
rum support ser move bul
ser move gre
sev support rum
sil move war
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tun move spa via convoy
tyr support tri move ven
ven move pie
wes convoy tun move spa
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet mar
remove pie
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move arm
bal move kie
ber support bal move kie
con move bla
eng move bre
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
ion move eas
iri move mid
lvn move mos
mar move pie
mos support war
nat support iri move mid
nap move ion
nwy move nth
pic move bre
por move spa/sc
pru support ber
ser move bul
sev support mos
sil move war
smy move aeg
stp support lvn move mos
tri move tyr
tyr move vie
ven support tri move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bla move bul
arm move smy
bel hold
ber hold
bla move bul/sc
bul hold
con support bla move bul
eas support ion move aeg
eng move bre
gre support bul
ion move aeg
kie support ber
lvn support stp move mos
mid support eng move bre
mos support war
mun support sil
nat support mid
nth support bel
pic move bre
pie move gol
por move spa/sc
pru move war
rum support sev
sev support mos
sil support war
spa move por
stp move mos
tri move vie
tyr move boh
tys move wes
ven hold
vie move gal
war support mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
