PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
eng move bre
fin move swe
hol hold
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move den
mun move bur
nap move tun via convoy
nth convoy yor move bel
pic move bre
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
spa hold
tri support ser
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
war move pru
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber support mun
bla support bul move rum
bre hold
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur support tyr move mun
con move bul
den hold
eng support yor move bel
gre support ser move bul
hol support yor move bel
ion convoy tun move nap
kie move bal
mos support sev
mun hold
nth convoy yor move bel
pic move bel
pru move war
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
spa move por
stp/sc move fin
swe hold
tun move nap via convoy
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie move boh
yor move bel
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move den
ber support mun
bla support arm move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bre move par
bul support ukr move rum
bur support tyr move mun
con move bul
den move kie
eng move mid
fin move swe
gre support bul
hol support bel
ion move aeg
mos support sev
mun hold
nap move rom
pic move bre
por hold
rum support con move bul
ser support ukr move rum
sev support ukr move rum
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove hol
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army nap
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
arm move sev
bel move bur
ber support ruh move mun
bla support arm move sev
boh support mun
bre support par move pic
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur support par move pic
den hold
gal move sil
gre move aeg
kie support ruh move mun
lon move eng
mid move spa/nc
mar move spa/sc
mos support sev
mun hold
nap move rom
nth support lon move eng
nwy hold
par move pic
por hold
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum support sev
ser move rum
sev support rum
swe hold
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
arm move smy
bel hold
ber support mun
bla support con
boh support tyr move mun
bre support pic
bud support rum
bul move con
bur support pic
con hold
den hold
eas move smy
eng support bel
gal support rum
kie support mun
mid move wes
mar move spa/sc
mos support sev
mun hold
nth move hol
nwy hold
pic support bre
por support mar move spa
pru move war
rom move ven
sev hold
sil support pru move war
swe hold
tyr move mun
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove con
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
remove sil
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move ank
ber support mun
bla move con
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul support rum
bur support pic move bel
den move nth
eng move nth
hol move hel
kie move hol
mos support sev
mun hold
nap move tys
nwy support den move nth
pic move bel
por move spa
rom move tus
rum support gal
sev hold
smy support aeg move con
spa/sc move mid
swe move fin
tyr move boh
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel hold
ber support mun
bla support ank move con
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bul move rum
bur support bel
eng move bel
fin move swe
gal support sil move war
hel hold
hol hold
mid move iri
mos support sev
mun hold
nth move edi
nwy move nrg
rum move ukr
sev hold
sil move war
smy support con
spa hold
tri move ser
tus move tun via convoy
tyr move mun
tys convoy tus move tun
ukr support war
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
remove boh
build Army bud
build Army kie
remove lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bel hold
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move con
bur support bel
con move bla
edi move yor
gal support war
hol hold
iri move lvp
kie move den
mar move gol
mos support ukr
mun hold
nrg move nat
rum move sev
ser support bud move rum
sev hold
smy support bul move con
spa hold
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tus move tun via convoy
tyr move mun
tys convoy tus move tun
ukr support sev
vie move boh
war support gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel hold
bla move ank
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bud move rum
bur support bel
con support bla move ank
den hold
eng move mid
gal move ukr
hel move nth
hol hold
kie support mun
lvp hold
gol move wes
mos support sev
mun hold
nat move mid
nwy move nrg
rum move sev
ser support bud move rum
sev hold
spa hold
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr support sev
war move mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Austria: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet mar
remove nth
build Army tri
remove tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move bla
bel hold
ber move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bud move vie
bur support mun
den move kie
eng move mid
gal move ukr
hol hold
kie move ber
lon hold
lvp hold
mar move gol
mos support sev
mun hold
nat move nrg
nrg move edi
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev hold
smy move aeg
spa move naf via convoy
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr support mos
war support gal move ukr
wes convoy spa move naf
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel hold
ber support kie move mun
bla support rum move sev
boh support vie move tyr
bur support bel
con move smy
edi hold
eng move bre
hol hold
ion move nap
kie move mun
lon move nth
lvp move wal
gol support naf move spa
mid move por
mos move stp
mun move boh
naf move spa via convoy
nrg move bar
rum move sev
ser move gre
sev hold
sil support mun move boh
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war support ukr move mos
wes convoy naf move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move gal
sev disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army bud
remove ion
build Fleet tri
remove tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp
bel hold
ber move sil
boh support sil move gal
bud support vie
bur move mar
edi move nrg
gal move boh
gre move alb
hol move nwy via convoy
gol move wes
mos move lvn
mun support boh
nap move rom
nth convoy hol move nwy
pie support tyr move ven
por move mid
sev move mos
sil move gal
smy move con
spa hold
stp hold
tri support ven
tyr move ven
ven support tri
vie move tyr
wal hold
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp
bel move hol
ber move sil
bla move rum
boh move vie
bud move gal
con move bul
gal move rum
lvn support mos move stp
mid move bre
mar hold
mos move stp
mun support boh
nth move edi
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
pie move ven
spa move por
stp hold
tri support ven
tun hold
tyr support pie move ven
ukr support bud move gal
ven support tri
vie move boh
wal move lon
war support bud move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army kie
remove nrg
build Army par
remove pie
remove tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bar support stp
boh move mun
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul move gre
edi move cly
gal move sil
hol move kie
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvn move pru
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nwy move swe
par support mid move bre
por move spa
rom move tys
sil hold
stp hold
tri move adr
tun move tys
ukr move gal
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
sil move ber
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bar move nwy
ber hold
bla move con
bre hold
bur move ruh
cly move lvp
eng move lon
gal support vie move boh
hol support bur move ruh
kie support ruh move hol
mos move stp
mun support ber
nth move lon
par move pic
pru move ber
rom move tys
ruh move hol
sil support pru move ber
spa hold
stp hold
swe hold
tyr support vie move boh
vie move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
France: army/dislodged hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
hol move bel
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove eng
build Fleet mar
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber support mun
boh move mun
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move aeg
gal move war
gre move tun
hol move ruh
ion convoy gre move tun
kie support hol move ruh
lvn move stp
lvp move cly
mar move gol
mos support lvn move stp
mun support hol move ruh
nth move den
nwy support stp
pic move bel
pru move ber
ruh support bel move hol
sil support boh move mun
spa hold
stp support nwy
swe hold
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr support boh move mun
tys support gre move tun
ven move tus
vie move gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mun move bur
ruh move bur
tun move wes
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move mun
cly hold
den support hol move kie
eng move nth
gal move boh
hol move kie
ion support tun
kie move hol
lvn support mos move stp
gol move tys
mos move stp
nwy support stp
pru move ber
ruh move bur
ser move gre
sil support mun
spa hold
stp support nwy
swe hold
tus support ven move pie
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven move pie
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ruh
tys move rom
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
