PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move mid
edi move nrg
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
nap move apu
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move bla
stp/sc move bot
ven move pie
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move bul/ec
bot move swe
bud move ser
bur move bel
gal support ukr move rum
mid move por
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
pie move tyr
spa move mar
tri move alb
ukr move rum
vie move bud
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
apu move ven
bel move hol
bre move eng
bud support ser move rum
den support nwy move swe
gal move bud
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move spa
nth support lon move eng
nwy move swe
par move bur
por move mid
rum support gal move bud
ser move rum
sev move bla
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tus move pie
tyr move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla support bul/ec move con
bre support mid
bul/ec move con
bur move mar
den support nwy move swe
eng move mid
gal move bud
hol hold
iri support eng move mid
mid support bre
nth move eng
nwy move swe
pie move mar
rum support gal move bud
spa move mar
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri hold
ven support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla convoy rum move ank
bre support mid
bur move ruh
con support rum move ank
den support nwy move swe
eng support iri move mid
gal move rum
hol hold
iri move mid
mid support bre
mar move gol
mos move stp
nth support eng
nwy move swe
par move pic
pie move mar
rum move ank via convoy
spa move mar
stp move fin
tri move vie
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con move smy
bla move con
bot move swe
bre support mid
bud support rum move ser
con move smy
den support swe
eng support iri move mid
fin support stp move nwy
gal move boh
hol support ruh move kie
iri move mid
gol move tys
mid support bre
nth support eng
pic move bel
pie move mar
rom move nap
ruh move kie
rum move ser
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support den
ven move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army rom
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support hol
bot support nwy move swe
bre support mid
con move bul/sc
den move pic via convoy
eng convoy den move pic
fin support nwy move swe
hol support bel
iri support eng
kie move den
mid support bre
mar move gol
mos move war
nap move tys
nth convoy den move pic
nwy move swe
pie move mar
rom move tus
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tys move ion
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move ska
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move gre
bel hold
boh move mun
bot move bal
bre support mid move eng
bud move gal
bul/sc move gre
con move bul
eng support iri move mid
fin move nwy
hol move ruh
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie support swe move den
gol support spa move mar
mid move eng
nth support eng
nwy move nrg
pic move par
pie move mar
ser move bud
sil support boh move mun
ska move den
spa move mar
swe support fin move nwy
tri move adr
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move tun
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gol
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
bal support pru move ber
bel move bur
bre support nat move mid
bud move vie
bul move ser
gal move boh
ion move eas
kie support ber
mar support bel move bur
mos move war
mun hold
nat move mid
nrg convoy nwy move cly
nwy move cly via convoy
pie move tyr
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sil support mun
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tus move tri via convoy
tyr hold
tys move tun
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army cly
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army cly
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bal support pru move ber
boh support mun
bre move mid
bur move mun
cly move lvp
den support nth
eas move aeg
eng move bre
gal move vie
gre move aeg
kie support bur move mun
mid move wes
mar hold
mun support pru move ber
nth support den
nrg move edi
nwy move nth
par support eng move bre
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
ser support vie move tri
sil support pru move ber
tyr move vie
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
