PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move sev
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
tri move vie
ven move pie
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla move sev
bul move rum
den move kie
hol move nth
kie move hel
lon move nth
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth move hel
pie move mar
rom move ven
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
stp hold
swe hold
tun move wes
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move smy
bel move pic
bla support rum move bul
bre move eng
con support rum move bul
den hold
eng move bel
gal move war
hol support kie move hel
ion move adr
kie move hel
lon move eng
mar support wes move spa/sc
nth support eng move bel
nwy hold
pic move bur
rum move bul
ser move bud
sev hold
sil move boh
spa hold
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move adr
tyr move tri
ukr support sev
vie support ser move bud
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
spa move por
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army nap
build Army rom
build Army stp
remove tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
bla support ukr move rum
boh move tyr
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
fin move swe
gre move bul/sc
hel support hol move nth
hol move nth
ion convoy nap move tun
lon move eng
mar move spa
mos move war
nap move tun
nth support bel move hol
nwy support stp move fin
pic move bel
rom move ven
sev move arm
smy move arm
spa/sc move mid
stp move fin
swe move bal
ukr move sev
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support nwy move swe
bla move sev
bul hold
bur move mar
con support bul
eng move lon
fin hold
gre support ser move bul
hol move kie
ion move adr
mid support spa move por
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por move spa
pru move ber
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move arm
spa move por
swe move nwy
tri hold
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lvp
build Army rom
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
bal move den
ber support sil move mun
bla support smy move arm
bre move mid
bud support tri
bul hold
bur move mun
con support bul
edi move nth
fin move nwy
gre support ser move bul
kie hold
lon support edi move nth
lvp move iri
mid convoy por move gas
pie move mar
por move gas
rom move tus
rum move ukr
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil move mun
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
swe support bal move den
tri hold
tun move naf
ven move tyr
vie support sil move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber support mun move kie
bla support arm move sev
bot convoy swe move lvn
bre move eng
bud support tri
bul hold
con support bul
den support mun move kie
gas support naf move bre
gre support ser move bul
kie support nth move hol
lon move eng
mid convoy naf move bre
mar move bur
mun move kie
naf move bre
nth move hol
nwy hold
ser move bul
sev hold
tri move ven
tus move ven
ukr support sev
ven move adr
vie hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move bal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber support kie
bot hold
bud move tri
bur move bel
den move nth
gas move par
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
iri move eng
kie hold
lon move nth
mar hold
nwy support swe
ser move bul
sev hold
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
tri move adr
tus move ven
tyr move mun
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
bal move ber
bar move nrg
ber support kie
bre support par
bul hold
bur move bel
den move nth
eng move bel
gre support bul
hol support eng move bel
ion move tys
kie hold
lon move nth
mid support bre
mar move bur
nwy support swe
par support mar move bur
sev hold
swe hold
tri support vie
tus support ven
ukr support sev
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bal move ber
bel move hol
ber support kie move mun
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move con
bur move ruh
den move hel
gal move boh
gre move aeg
hol move hel
kie move mun
lon move nth
mid support bre
mun move ber
nap move ion
nrg convoy nwy move cly
nwy move cly
par move bur
rom move apu
sev hold
swe move den
tri support vie
tus move ven
tys hold
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
vie support tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
apu move nap
bal move swe
bel move eng
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bot move swe
bul move con
bur move bel
cly move lvp
den move kie
edi move nrg
gre support tri move alb
hol move hel
ion move eas
kie move mun
mid move eng
mun support tyr move boh
nrg move edi
ruh support bur move bel
ser support gre
sev move rum
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tyr move boh
tys move ion
ukr move gal
ven move apu
vie support boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
mun move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
remove nth
build Fleet sev
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
apu move ven
bel hold
ber move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bot move bal
bre hold
bul move con
den move nth
eas convoy nap move syr
edi move nth
gal hold
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion convoy nap move syr
kie move ruh
lvp support nrg move edi
mid move eng
mun support kie move ruh
nrg move edi
ruh support tyr move mun
rum hold
ser move bul
sev move bla
smy support bul move con
tri move adr
tyr move mun
vie support alb move tri
war support ber move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi move yor
kie move ber
mun move bur
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bal support ber move kie
bel support ruh move hol
ber move kie
bla move ank
boh support mun
bre move gas
bul move con
bur move mar
con move ank
den hold
eas move ion
edi hold
eng move lon
gal support sil move boh
hel support kie
ion move tun
kie hold
lvp support edi
mun move kie
nap move apu
nwy move swe
ruh move hol
sil move boh
tri move ven
ven move pie
vie support gal move boh
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: army/dislodged boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
boh move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet tri
remove yor
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move ven
bal move kie
bel move bur
ber support bal move kie
bla move ank
boh move sil
bud move vie
bul move ser
con move ank
den move hel
edi move nth
eng move lon
gal support rum
gas support pie move mar
gre support adr move ion
hel move nth
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie hold
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mun support hol move kie
pie support apu move ven
rum hold
smy move aeg
swe hold
tri move adr
tun move ion
tyr support apu move ven
vie move tri
war support gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
bal move kie
ber support sil move mun
bla move ank
bur move mar
con hold
den move nth
edi support yor
gal move rum
gas support bur move mar
ion move tys
mun support tyr
nap support ven move rom
pie move ven
rum move bul
ser support tri
sil move mun
spa move por
swe move den
tun hold
tyr support mun
ven move rom
vie support tri
war move gal
yor hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Austria: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
rom move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: army por
Russia: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
remove adr
remove hel
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: army por
Russia: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bal support den move kie
ber support den move kie
bul support ank move con
con support gre move bul/sc
den move kie
edi move yor
gal move bud
gas move bur
gre move bul/sc
hol hold
ion move tun
lon hold
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move bel
pie move tus
por move spa
rom support pie move tus
rum support gal move bud
ser support gre move bul/sc
sev move arm
sil move boh
tri support tus move ven
tun move tys
tus move ven
tyr move ven
tys support ion move tun
vie move bud
war move gal
yor move bel
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Russia: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
kie disband
tun move wes
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Russia: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move smy
bal move den
bel move hol
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bud move ser
bur move bel
gal move vie
hol support bur move bel
ion move tun
kie support bel move hol
lon move nth
mar support wes move spa/sc
nth support yor move lon
rom support tyr move ven
rum support bud move ser
ser move bud
spa hold
tri support ser move bud
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
tys move nap
vie support ser move bud
wes move spa/sc
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Italy: army/dislodged hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Italy: fleet/dislodged lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Russia: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Russia: army/dislodged spa
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move ruh
mun move bur
spa move por
ven move pie
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
Russia: army por
Russia: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
