PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move gas
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla move rum
bot move swe
bul support bla move rum
den hold
edi move bel via convoy
gas move mar
ion move gre
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
pic support edi move bel
pie move mar
ruh support kie move hol
rum move sev
ser support ion move gre
tri move alb
tus move pie
ukr support rum move sev
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel hold
bud support vie move gal
bul support rum
con support bul
den move ska
gas move mar
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
kie move hel
lon move nth
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth move ska
nwy move stp/sc
par move bur
pic support bel
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
ruh support mun move bur
rum support ank move bla
ser move bul
sev move bla
tus hold
ukr move rum
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank support ank move arm
arm move sev
bud support gal move rum
bul support rum
bur support pie move mar
den support hel move nth
gal move rum
gas move mar
gre move bul/sc
hel move nth
hol support ruh move bel
lon move eng
nwy move stp/nc
par move gas
pic move par
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum support arm move sev
ser support gal move rum
spa/sc support gas move mar
tus move tun via convoy
tys convoy tus move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move nrg
rum move bla
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support bur move pic
bla support arm move sev
bud move rum
bul hold
bur move pic
con support bul
den move swe
edi hold
eng move nth
gas move mar
ion move aeg
lon support eng move nth
mar move gol
mun move bur
nth hold
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc support nrg move nwy
tys move gol
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army/dislodged pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move ska
pic move bre
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ser move gre
bel support pic
bla move rum
bre move pic
bud move rum
con support bul
gal move rum
gas move mar
gre move aeg
hol hold
lon move nth
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nth move ska
nwy support nth move ska
par support bre move pic
pic hold
pie move mar
rum move bul
ser move gre
ska move den
stp/nc support nwy
swe hold
tun hold
tus move gol
tys support tus move gol
wes support mar move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
remove tus
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move adr
bel support mun move bur
bla support bul
bre move pic
bud move ser
con support bul
den support swe move ska
gal move vie
gas move mar
gre support rum move bul
mar move gol
mun move bur
nth move den
nwy move swe
par support bre move pic
pic support mun move bur
pie move ven
rum move bul
ska support nth move den
stp/nc hold
swe move ska
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
wes support mar move gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
aeg move con
bel support bur move pic
bla move rum
bul support bla move rum
bur move pic
con support bul
den support swe move ska
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
gol move mar
mar move gas
nth support ska move den
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move ven
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support bla move rum
ska move den
smy move aeg
swe move ska
tri support ven
tun hold
tys hold
ven move rom
vie move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army/dislodged pic
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move hel
pic move bre
rum move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet ank
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move bla
bel support pic move bur
bre move pic
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
den move bal
edi move den via convoy
gal support bul move rum
gas move par
gre move bul
hel support ska move nth
hol move bel
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar hold
nth convoy edi move den
pic move bur
rom move nap
rum support ank move bla
sev support rum
ska move nth
smy support con
stp/nc move nwy
swe support edi move den
tri move ven
tun hold
tys move rom
ven support tys move rom
wes hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Germany: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move den
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Germany: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bal move ber
bla support sev
bud move rum
bur support hol move ruh
con hold
den support eng move nth
edi hold
eng move nth
gal support bud move rum
gre move bul
hol move ruh
mar hold
mun hold
nap hold
nth move lon
nwy move stp/nc
par move gas
pic move par
rom move nap
rum move bul
sev hold
smy support con
swe move nwy
tri move ven
wal move lon
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move hol
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bel
build Army bre
remove hel
build Fleet lon
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
ber move kie
bla move bul/sc
bre move pic
bud move ser
bur move mun
con support bla move bul
den support ber move kie
gal support rum move ukr
gas move bur
gre move bul
hol move bel
lon move eng
mar hold
mun move ruh
nap hold
nth move hel
nwy move nth
par support gas move bur
rom support tun move nap
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ukr
sev move rum
smy move aeg
tri move ven
tun move nap
tys convoy tun move nap
ven hold
vie move bud
wal move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Germany: army/dislodged nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
nap move apu
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
apu move ven
bel move hol
bla move bul/ec
boh support bur move mun
bud move vie
bul support ser move rum
bur move mun
den support kie
edi move hol via convoy
eng support pic move bel
gal support ser move rum
hel support edi move hol
kie support edi move hol
mar move gol
mun hold
nap hold
nth convoy edi move hol
par move bur
pic move bel
rom hold
ruh support mun
rum support bla
ser move rum
smy support con
tri move ven
tys move tun
ukr move sev
ven hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army edi
build Army lvp
build Army mar
remove ruh
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bel hold
bla support con move bul
boh support bur move mun
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
den move bal
eng move nth
gal support rum move bud
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
kie move ber
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun move sil
nap hold
nth move nrg
par move bur
rom hold
rum move bud
sev move arm
stp/nc move bar
tun support gol move tys
ven hold
vie support rum move bud
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move gre
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support arm move smy
arm move smy
bal convoy kie move lvn
bar convoy edi move stp
bel move bur
ber hold
bla move sev
boh support mun move tyr
bud support gal move rum
bul move con
bur move mun
edi move stp via convoy
gal move rum
gre move ser
hel convoy lon move kie
kie move lvn via convoy
lon move kie via convoy
lvp move edi
mun move tyr
nap hold
nth convoy lon move kie
nrg convoy edi move stp
pie support mun move tyr
rom hold
sil hold
smy move aeg
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ven hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move eas
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
remove sil
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal convoy kie move pru
bar convoy edi move stp
boh move gal
bud move gal
bur move mun
con support eas move smy
eas move smy
edi move stp via convoy
ion move adr
kie move pru via convoy
lvn support stp move mos
mar move gol
mun move boh
nap support rom
nrg convoy edi move stp
pie move ven
rom support nap
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
stp move mos
tri support ven
tyr support pie move ven
tys move ion
ven hold
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move ank
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
ank move con
boh hold
bul support ank move con
bur support mun
con move ank
gal move boh
gre move ion
ion move gre
lvn support pru move war
gol move tys
mos move ukr
mun support boh
nap hold
pie move ven
pru move war
rom move tys
rum move sev
sev move bla
smy support con move ank
stp move mos
tri support ven
tyr support pie move ven
ven move tus
vie support gal move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
remove tus
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
bar convoy edi move stp
bla hold
boh move vie
bud support tri
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
edi move stp via convoy
gal support vie
gre move ion
hel convoy lon move kie
ion support gol move tys
lon move kie via convoy
lvn move war
gol move tys
mar move gol
mos support ukr move sev
mun hold
nth convoy lon move kie
nrg convoy edi move stp
rom support nap
sev support bul move rum
smy move con
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
tri move alb
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb move tri
arm move sev
bal convoy kie move pru
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
bud support alb move tri
bul move ser
gal move ukr
gre move ion
ion support adr move alb
kie move pru via convoy
gol move tus
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move boh
nap support rom
rom support nap
rum support arm move sev
sev support ukr move rum
stp move lvn
tri move bud
tyr support boh move vie
tys support gol move tus
ukr move rum
vie support alb move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army/dislodged tri
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bar convoy lon move stp
bla support sev move rum
boh move gal
bud support gal move vie
con move bul/sc
gal move vie
gre move alb
ion support alb move gre
lon move stp via convoy
lvn move war
mar move gol
mos support sev
nap support rom
nth convoy lon move stp
nrg convoy lon move stp
pie move tyr
pru move sil
rom support nap
rum move gal
ser support gre move alb
sev hold
smy move aeg
tri support gre move alb
tus move rom
tyr move tri
tys support tus move rom
ukr support war move gal
ven support tus move rom
vie support boh move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move gre
ber move den
bla move rum
boh move vie
bud support vie
gal move rum
hel move nth
ion move adr
gol move tys
mos move sev
nap hold
nth move eng
pie hold
rom support tys move nap
rum support bud
ser support tri
sev move arm
sil move gal
stp hold
tyr support boh move vie
tys move nap
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tri
vie support tri
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army/dislodged nap
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
gre move ion
nap move apu
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove apu
build Fleet bre
remove ion
build Fleet lon
build Army par
build Army smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb support ven move tri
ank move arm
arm move syr
bla support ank move arm
boh move mun
bre move eng
bud support vie
gal support rum
gre hold
nap move ion
par move bur
pie move mar
rom move tys
rum hold
ser support tri
sev move arm
smy support ank move arm
tyr support ven move tri
tys move wes
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
England: army syr
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support tri
arm move syr
ber move kie
bla support bul/sc move rum
bre support wes move mid
bud support ser move tri
bul/sc move rum
bur move ruh
gal move bud
gre hold
lon move nth
mar move bur
mun move boh
nth move hol
rum support gal move bud
ser move tri
sev support rum
smy support arm move syr
syr move smy
tri hold
tyr move vie
tys move wes
ukr support sev
vie support ser move tri
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army par
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb move ion
bal hold
bar move nrg
boh support tyr move vie
bre support mid move eng
bud support rum move ser
bur move bel
edi move bel via convoy
eng support hol move bel
gal move sil
hol support null cly move bel
ion move aeg
kie hold
lon support eng
mid move eng
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nat
par move pic
ruh move hol
rum move ser
ser support vie move bud
sev move arm
smy move ank
stp move lvn
syr move arm
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
vie move bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
ank hold
bal convoy lvn move ber
bla move sev
boh support bur move mun
bre support wes move mid
bud support rum
bul/sc move con
bur move mun
eng move iri
gal move bud
hol hold
ion move tun
kie hold
lon support nth move eng
lvn move ber via convoy
mid move iri
nat support eng move iri
nth move eng
nrg move nth
pic move bel
ruh support pic move bel
rum support bud
ser support gal move bud
sev support rum
sil move mun
syr hold
tri move bud
ukr move war
vie support tri move bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gal
build Army par
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support tri
ank support syr move arm
bal move den
bel move hol
ber support sil move mun
bla support con move bul
boh move gal
bre move eng
bud support rum move ser
con move bul/sc
eng move bel
gre hold
hol support eng move bel
ion hold
iri support lon move eng
kie support hol
lon move eng
mid support bre move eng
mun move boh
nat move mid
nth support eng move bel
par move bur
ruh move mun
rum move ser
ser move bul
sev hold
sil move mun
syr move arm
tri hold
tun move naf
vie support boh move gal
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: supply rum
England: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: supply rum
England: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move sev
bel hold
ber support mun
bla support arm move sev
bud move tri
bul/sc move rum
den move ska
edi move yor
eng move bre
gre hold
hol support bel
iri support nat move mid
mun hold
nat move mid
nth support bel
ser support bud move tri
sev move rum
war move gal
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
England: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
England: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
England: army tri
France: army/dislodged tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
