PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move gre via convoy
bot move swe
bur move bel
eng move bre
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move mun
rum move bul/ec
ser hold
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support par move bur
ber move kie
bre hold
bud move tri
bul/ec move bla
den move hel
gre hold
hol move ruh
ion move adr
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvn move mos
lvp move wal
mar support spa move gas
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth convoy nwy move bel
nwy move bel via convoy
par move bur
por move mid
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
spa move gas
swe hold
tri move adr
tyr move ven
ven hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel support mar move bur
bla support arm move ank
bre hold
bud move vie
bul support ser move gre
eng support bre
gas move bre
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move mun
mid support gas move bre
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nth convoy nwy move bel
nwy move bel via convoy
par support gas move bre
ruh support hol move bel
ser move gre
sev move arm
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move wes
ukr move rum
ven hold
wal hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Italy: army/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
bre move pic
gre move alb
ven move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
bel move pic
bla move con
bud move tri
bul support bla move con
eng support nth
gre move alb
hol move bel
kie move ruh
mun support ruh move bur
nth convoy nwy move lon
ruh move bur
sev move bla
tri move adr
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie move tyr
wal hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move apu
ank move smy
ber move kie
bla move con
bre support par
bur move gas
con move aeg
eng convoy wal move bel
mid move spa/sc
mar move bur
nth support wal move bel
nwy hold
par support mar move bur
rom hold
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
sev move arm
smy move syr
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
ven move tus
wal move bel via convoy
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
remove mun
build Fleet sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
aeg move eas
alb move apu
arm move sev
bel support nwy move hol
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move aeg
eng support bel
gas move spa
hol move nth
kie move den
lon support eng
mid move spa/sc
mar support par move gas
nth convoy nwy move hol
nwy move hol via convoy
par move gas
pic move bre
rom hold
ruh move mun
sev move bla
smy move arm
swe hold
syr hold
tri move ven
tus move rom
tyr hold
ukr move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move kie
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move ion
apu move nap
arm move smy
bel support hol
bla move con
bre support bur move pic
bur move pic
eas support aeg move ion
eng support bel
gas move spa
hol support bel
kie move hol
lon support eng
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos move lvn
nth support hol
pic move eng
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
sev move mos
swe move bot
syr hold
tus move rom
tyr move mun
ven support tus move rom
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support hol
boh move mun
bot convoy lvn move fin
bur support pic move bel
con move aeg
eas hold
eng support lvp move iri
hol support bel
ion move tys
iri move eng
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvn move fin via convoy
lvp move iri
mos move lvn
mun support ruh
nth move hel
pic move bel
rom move tus
ruh support kie move hol
smy hold
stp/nc move bar
syr hold
tri move ven
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: fleet/dislodged iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
iri move wal
mun move kie
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move ion
bar support fin move nwy
boh support tyr move mun
bot move swe
bur support bel
den support kie
eng support nth move bel
fin move nwy
hel move den
hol support kie
iri move lvp
kie support ruh move mun
lvn move pru
mun move ber
nap move tun
nth move bel
pie move mar
ruh move mun
spa move mar
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven move tyr
wal move lvp
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove hel
build Fleet mar
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bel hold
ber support boh move mun
bur support bel
den support kie
eas hold
eng move lon
hol support kie
ion convoy nap move tun
iri move lvp
kie support ruh move mun
gol move mar
nap move tun via convoy
nth support eng move lon
pie support gol move mar
pru support ber
ruh move mun
sil support boh move mun
smy move con
spa support mar
stp/nc move bar
swe move ska
syr move arm
tri move vie
tus move ven
tyr support boh move mun
ven move tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move sev
bar support nrg
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bre move gas
bur support mun
con move bul
den move kie
eas move aeg
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move wal
lvp support lon move wal
gol hold
mar hold
mun support kie move ber
nth support ska move den
nrg support ska move nth
nwy hold
pie hold
pru support ber
sil support boh move mun
ska move nth
spa support mar
tri support tyr
tun hold
tyr support boh move mun
ven support pie
vie move boh
wal move eng
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
nth move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove ruh
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar move nrg
ber hold
boh support mun
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur move ruh
den support kie
eng move mid
gas move bur
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie support hol
lon support wal move eng
lvp move iri
mun move ruh
nth convoy nwy move edi
nrg move nat
nwy move edi via convoy
pie hold
pru support ber
sev move mos
sil support ber
spa support mar
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven support pie
vie hold
wal move eng
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support bur move ruh
ber move sil
boh support mun
bud move rum
bur move ruh
den support kie
eng move bre
gas move bre
hol support kie
ion move tys
iri support nat move mid
kie support hol
lon move eng
gol move wes
mid support spa
mos move lvn
mun support pru move ber
naf hold
nat support wes move mid
nrg support nth
pie hold
pru move ber
rum move ukr
sil move pru
spa support mar
tri move ven
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ven move tus
vie move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move por
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove iri
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support ruh move hol
ber support den move kie
boh support mun
den move kie
edi move yor
eng move pic
gal support sil
gas support mar
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lon move eng
gol convoy tus move mar
mid support naf move spa
mun move bur
naf move spa via convoy
nat move iri
nth support hol move bel
nrg support nth
pie support tus move mar
por support spa
pru support ber
ruh move hol
rum move ser
sil support mun
stp/sc move bot
tus move mar via convoy
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
wes convoy naf move spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
ber support kie
boh support mun
bot convoy lvn move swe
bur move par
eng move bre
gal move sil
iri move lvp
kie support ruh move hol
lvn move swe via convoy
gol support naf move spa
mid convoy naf move spa
mun move bur
naf move spa via convoy
nth support yor move lon
nrg support nth
pic support eng move bre
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh move hol
ser move tri
sil move mun
tus support pie
tyr support mun
wes support naf move spa
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army bud
build Army mos
remove pic
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber hold
boh move mun
bot move bal
bud move gal
bur support mun move ruh
lon hold
lvp move iri
gol convoy tus move mar
mid move eng
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nth move ska
nrg move nth
par move bre
pic support nth move bel
pie support tus move mar
pru support ber
sil support ber
spa move por
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tus move mar via convoy
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr move war
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: fleet/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support nwy move den
ber support mun move kie
boh support sil
bre hold
bur support ruh
gal move rum
iri move eng
lvn hold
gol support pie move mar
mar move spa
mun move kie
nth support eng move bel
nwy move den via convoy
pic hold
pie move mar
por support mar move spa
ruh support mun move kie
sil support mun
ska convoy nwy move den
tyr move mun
ven hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove pic
build Army sev
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
bar move nrg
boh move mun
bre hold
bud move rum
bur support nth move bel
den hold
eng support nth move bel
iri move nat
kie support ruh move hol
lvn support war
gol hold
mid support wes
mar support spa
mun move ber
nth move bel
por support spa
pru support ber
ruh move hol
rum move bul
sil support mun move ber
ska move nth
spa support por
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move gal
wes hold
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal support ber
ber support den move kie
boh support sil
bre hold
bul move con
bur move par
den move kie
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move war
hol support kie
kie support hol
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support war
gol hold
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa
mun move ruh
nat move mid
nth support bel move hol
nrg move nat
por support spa
rum move bul
sil support gal move war
spa support por
tyr move mun
war support pru move sil
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
