PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
ven hold
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy
fin move swe
ion convoy nap move tun
mid move por
nap move tun via convoy
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
ruh move hol
ser hold
sev support ukr move rum
stp move fin
tri hold
ukr move rum
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move mun
bre move eng
bud support ser
bul support gre
con support bul
den support nwy move swe
edi move nrg
fin move swe
hol move bel
ion convoy tun move nap
kie support ber move mun
mar move pie
mun move ber
nap move apu
nth support hol move bel
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
par move pic
rum support war move gal
ser hold
sev support rum
smy move aeg
stp move fin
tri move alb
tun move nap via convoy
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ion move gre
ank move con
apu move adr
bar move nwy
bud hold
con move aeg
den move hel
eng support pic move bel
fin move swe
gal move bud
ion hold
kie move ruh
mun support kie move ruh
nap move rom
nth move den
nrg move nth
pic move bel
pie move tyr
por move mid
ruh support pic move bel
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud
sev support rum
spa move mar
stp hold
swe support nth move den
tri move vie
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ruh move bur
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move gre
alb move tri
ank move con
bel move ruh
bud support vie move gal
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support lon move nth
edi move nrg
eng support bel
fin move bot
gal move bud
gre move alb
hel move nth
hol support ruh move bel
ion hold
lon support nth
mar move bur
mun hold
nth move nwy
nwy move bar
rom move apu
ruh move bel
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud
sev support rum
stp move nwy
swe support nth move nwy
tyr support bur move mun
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
gal move war
mun move kie
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support gre
ank move con
apu support ven
bar move stp/nc
bot move swe
bud support tri
bur support pic move bel
con move bul/sc
den move kie
eng support pic move bel
gal move ukr
gre support ser
hol support bel
ion move eas
kie move mun
lon move nth
mun support den move kie
nth move edi
nrg move edi
nwy support bar move stp
pic move bel
rum move bud
ser move bud
sev move rum
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri hold
tyr move boh
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
kie move ber
stp move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ber
remove bot
build Fleet edi
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move eas
apu support ven
bel move hol
boh move vie
bul/sc support aeg
bur move ruh
eas support ion move aeg
edi move nth
eng move nth
gal move war
hol support nth move bel
ion move aeg
kie support bel move hol
lon support edi move nth
lvp move edi
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos move war
mun support bur move ruh
nth move bel
nrg support edi move nth
nwy hold
rum move bud
sev hold
smy move eas
stp/nc hold
swe move den
ukr move war
ven hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support smy move eas
bel hold
bud move vie
bul/sc support aeg
den move kie
eas move ion
edi move nwy via convoy
eng hold
gal support bud move vie
gre hold
hol support ruh move bel
ion move alb
kie move ber
lon hold
gol move tys
mos move lvn
mun move tyr
nth support eng move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
ruh move bel
rum support sev
sev support rum
smy move eas
stp/nc hold
ukr support rum
vie support mun move tyr
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
France: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel disband
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move adr
apu move rom
ber move bal
boh move vie
eas support aeg move ion
edi move den via convoy
gal support vie
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon hold
lvn move pru
mar move pie
nth convoy edi move den
nrg move cly
nwy move stp
rum support gal
sev support rum
stp/nc move bar
swe move bot
tri hold
tyr support boh move vie
tys support wes move tun
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move nap
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support den move pru
bar move nrg
ber support den move pru
boh move vie
bot move lvn
bul/sc move aeg
cly hold
con move bul
den move pru
eas support ion
gal support pru move war
gre move ser
ion hold
lon support nth
mar move pie
nap support rom
pru move war
rom support nap
rum move bud
ser move bud
sev hold
stp move mos
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr support boh move vie
tys support tun move ion
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet bre
build Army par
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support den move kie
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bre move mid
cly move nat
den move kie
eas move aeg
gal move war
gre move alb
ion move adr
lvn support ber move pru
mar move gol
nap move rom
nth support lon
nrg move cly
par move bur
rom move tus
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move bla
sil move mun
stp move mos
tun move ion
tyr move mun
tys move nap
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
bal support kie move ber
bla hold
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move mar
cly hold
eas support aeg move ion
eng hold
gal move war
kie move ber
gol move tys
mid support eng
nap support gol move tys
pie support tus move ven
pru move war
rom move tus
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sil move ber
stp move mos
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr move tri
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army mos
remove sil
remove ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bal support lvn
ber move sil
bla move con
bud move vie
cly hold
con move aeg
eas support ion
gal support bud move vie
mar move pie
mos move war
nat move iri
nap support tys move rom
nth support lon
pie hold
pru support ber move sil
ser move tri
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus hold
tyr support mar move pie
tys move rom
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
France: army/dislodged vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
aeg move gre
alb move apu via convoy
boh move gal
con move aeg
eas support ion
gal support war
hol hold
mos support war
mun hold
pie move ven
pru move war
sil support pru move war
stp move mos
tri support ven
tus move gol
tyr support pie move ven
vie support gal
war support gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
remove gol
build Army mar
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support ion
boh support tyr
cly hold
con move bul
eas support ion
edi move den via convoy
gal support vie
gre support ion
iri hold
mos support ukr
mun support tyr
nap support tun move ion
nth convoy edi move den
pie move ven
rom hold
sil move gal
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tyr support pie move ven
ukr support mos
ven support apu move rom
vie support gal
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support ion
bal convoy den move lvn
boh move vie
bul move ser
den move lvn via convoy
eas support ion
eng support mid move iri
gal support vie
gre support ion
ion support apu move nap
lvn move bot
mid move iri
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun move boh
nap move apu
pie move tus
sil support war
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ukr move war
ven hold
vie support gal
war support den move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet/dislodged iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
iri disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support ion
apu move rom
boh move gal
eas move ion
gal support ukr move war
gre support eas move ion
hol move ruh
ion move tys
iri move mid
lvn move mos
mos support ukr move war
mun move boh
nap move apu
pie move ven
ser support tri
sil support boh move gal
stp support lvn move mos
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus support pie move ven
tyr move tri
ukr move war
ven support apu move rom
vie move boh
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
gal move rum
mos move sev
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support ion
apu support ion move nap
bal hold
bot hold
cly move lvp
edi move den via convoy
eng move mid
gal support mun move boh
gre support ion
ion move nap
lon hold
mid move wes
mos support war move ukr
mun move boh
nap move apu
nth convoy edi move den
pie support tus move ven
rom move tys
ruh move mun
rum move gal
ser support tri
sev support ukr move mos
sil move war
stp support mos
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
tys move gol
ukr move mos
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
France: fleet/dislodged nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nap move rom
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
remove gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support gre move ion
apu move rom
bal convoy den move pru
boh support war move gal
bot hold
con move bul
den move pru via convoy
edi move den via convoy
gre move ion
gol move spa/sc
mid move spa/nc
mos support ukr move sev
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move den
pie move mar
rom move nap
rum support sev
ser support tri
sev support rum
stp move lvn
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ukr move sev
vie move gal
war move gal
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support ion
bal convoy den move pru
boh support gal move vie
bul support rum
den move pru via convoy
gal move rum
ion support tys move tun
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mos support ukr move sev
nap move ion
pie move ven
pru move war
rom support ven
rum support sev
ser support tri
sev support rum
tri support ven
tun support wes move tys
tus move rom
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ukr move sev
vie move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove arm
build Fleet con
build Army edi
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support ion
ank move arm
boh move vie
bul support ser
con move bla
edi move den via convoy
gal support boh move vie
ion support rom move nap
lvn move mos
gol convoy mar move naf
mar move naf via convoy
mos move ukr
nap support tus move rom
nth convoy edi move den
pie move ven
pru move sil
rom move nap
rum move ukr
ser support tri
sev move arm
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move tri
tys support tus move rom
vie move bud
war support mos move ukr
wes convoy mar move naf
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Turkey: army/dislodged rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move apu
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support ion
ank move arm
apu move nap
bal convoy den move lvn
bla move sev
bud move gal
bul support rum
den move lvn via convoy
gal move rum
ion support apu move nap
gol convoy naf move tus
mos support sev
naf move tus via convoy
nap move apu
pie support tyr move ven
rom support tyr move ven
rum move ukr
ser support tri
sev support gal move rum
sil support war move gal
tri support ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr support gal move rum
vie move tri
war move gal
wes convoy naf move tus
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move gal
bul support ser
edi move den via convoy
gal support rum move bud
lvn move war
gol move wes
mar move pie
mos support sev
nap support rom move apu
nth convoy edi move den
par move bur
pie move tyr
rom move apu
rum move bud
ser support tri move bud
sev support ukr move rum
sil support gal
tri move bud
tun move ion
tus move ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal convoy den move pru
bla support ser move rum
bud move gal
bul support ser move rum
bur move mun
den move pru via convoy
gal support rum move bud
ion move aeg
lon hold
mos support sev
nap move ion
nth hold
rum move bud
ser move rum
sev support ukr move rum
sil support gal
tri move alb
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
war move ukr
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb support ion move gre
arm support rum move sev
bla support rum move sev
bud support sev move rum
gal support sev move rum
ion move gre
mos move sev
par move pic
pru move war
rum move sev
sev move rum
tri move ser
tun move ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
ank support con
arm move sev
bal move kie
bla support arm move sev
bot move bal
bud support gal move vie
bul hold
con move aeg
gal move vie
gre support ser move bul
ion move eas
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mos move sev
nth move hol
pic move bel
pru move ber
rum support arm move sev
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy support con move aeg
tri move ser
tys move ion
ukr move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
France: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
England: army/dislodged sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
England: army vie
France: army/dislodged vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move con
sev move ukr
vie move tri
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ank
remove bla
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bel move hol
ber move mun
boh move tyr
bre support wes move mid
bud support gal move rum
bul move con
con move bul
eas support ion move aeg
eng support iri move mid
gal move rum
gre support ion move aeg
hol move bel
ion move aeg
iri move mid
lvp move nat
mar support par move bur
mos move sev
mun move ber
par move bur
pie move tyr
rum move ser
ser move bud
sev support rum
sil support ber move mun
smy support aeg
tri move vie
ukr support mos move sev
vie support bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
