PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move bla
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
den move swe
gal support sev move rum
gas move bur
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move wes
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pie move tyr
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
tri move bud
ukr move sev
ven move tri
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
arm support bla move sev
ber move kie
bla move sev
bot move stp/sc
bud move vie
bul move gre
con move bul/ec
den move swe
gal move rum
gas move par
hol support bel
kie move bal
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa/sc
nap move tys
ser move bud
sev support gal move rum
spa move gas
tun support nap move tys
tyr move pie
ukr support sev
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
arm support bla move sev
bal move den
bel move hol
bla move sev
bud move ser
bul/ec move rum
eng convoy wal move bel
gas move bur
gre move ser
kie move ber
mid move bre
nth support bel move hol
par move pic
pie support ven
rum support sev
sev support rum
spa/sc move por
stp/sc move nwy
tri move ven
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ukr support sev
ven support pie
vie move tyr
wal move bel
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
England: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move ruh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
arm support bla move sev
bel support hol
ber move kie
bla move sev
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul/ec move rum
bur support pic move bel
eng support bel
gre hold
hol support bel
ion move adr
lon move nth
mar support bur
mun support ruh
nth move ska
nwy support nth move ska
pic move bel
pie support ven
por move mid
rum support war move gal
sev support rum
smy move aeg
stp/sc move stp/sc
tri support adr move ven
tyr support adr move ven
tys move gol
ukr support sev
ven support pie
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bel support hol
bla move rum
bre move eng
bul/ec support bla move rum
bur support mar
den support swe
eng support bel
gal move vie
gre support bul/ec
hol support bel
kie support den
gol move tys
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mun support ruh
nth support hol
nwy support ska move swe
pic move bel
pie move ven
rom support pie move ven
rum support sev
ser move bud
sev support rum
ska move swe
stp/sc hold
swe support den
tri support ven
tyr support ven
ukr support sev
ven hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army mos
remove tys
remove ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
arm move sev
bel support hol
bre support spa/sc move mid
bud move ser
bul/ec support con move bla
bur support pic move bel
con move bla
den move ska
eng support bel
gre move ser
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie support ruh move hol
mar support bur
mos support sev
nth move den
nwy support ska move swe
pic move bel
pie move ven
rom support pie move ven
ruh move hol
rum support arm move sev
ser move bud
sev support ukr move rum
ska move swe
spa/sc move mid
stp/sc move bot
swe support den move ska
tri support bud move ser
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
vie support ser move bud
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ion
arm move sev
bal support ska move swe
bel move wal
bla support arm move sev
bot move stp/sc
bre move eng
bud support tyr move vie
bul/ec support rum
bur support pic move bel
den support swe
eng convoy bel move wal
gre move ser
hol move bel
kie move den
mid support bre move eng
mar move gas
mos move stp
nwy support swe
pic move bel
rom support ven
rum support arm move sev
ser move tri
sev hold
ska move swe
swe support den
tri support tyr move vie
tun hold
tyr move vie
ukr support sev
ven support rom
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel disband
eng move iri
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
remove ska
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support kie move den
bel move wal via convoy
bla support sev
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul/ec support rum
bur move bel
con move smy
den support edi move nth
edi move nth
eng convoy bel move wal
gal support ser move rum
gas hold
gre move ser
ion move aeg
iri support lon move eng
kie move den
lon move eng
mid support eng
mos move sev
mun move kie
nwy support edi move nth
rom move nap
ser move rum
sev support rum
smy move aeg
swe support den
tri support bud move ser
tun move ion
ukr support ser move rum
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
bal support kie move den
bel move wal via convoy
bla support sev
bul/ec move aeg
con move bul
den move bal
eng convoy bel move wal
gal move rum
gas hold
gre support con move bul
ion move tun
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon hold
mid move iri
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nth move den
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum
smy support bul/ec move aeg
swe support den move bal
tri support ser
tun move ion
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tri
vie hold
wal move yor
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet/dislodged bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bal move ber
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army bud
build Army edi
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bal support swe move den
bel move nth
ber move bal
bla support sev
bud move ser
bul/ec move rum
con move bul
edi support lvp
eng move lon
gas move bur
gre support con move bul
ion move tys
iri support wal move lvp
kie move den
lon move eng
mos support rum move sev
nap move rom
nth support lon move eng
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser move alb
sev hold
smy move aeg
swe move den
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
ukr support rum move sev
ven move tri
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
lvp move nat
sev move arm
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
arm move sev
bal support swe move den
bel move nth
ber move bal
bla support arm move sev
bul support gre move ser
bur move bel
edi hold
eng move lon
gre move ser
ion move tun
iri support lvp
kie move den
lon support nth
lvp support yor
mos support sev
mun move sil
nat move lvp
nth support swe move den
rom support ven
rum support arm move sev
ser support alb move gre
sev support ser move rum
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move nap
ukr support sev
ven move tri
yor support eng move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
lon move wal
ser move bud
ven move tus
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet mar
remove nap
remove swe
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
alb support bud move ser
arm move sev
bel move nth
ber move bal
bla move arm
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul support ser
bur move bel
con move gre via convoy
edi support wal move lvp
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon move wal
lvp move edi
mar move spa/sc
mos support sev
nat support wal move lvp
nth move yor
rom support tus move ven
rum support arm move sev
ser support con move gre
sev hold
sil move mun
tun move tys
tus move ven
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support sev
ven move tri
wal move lvp
yor support lvp move edi
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army/dislodged lvp
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
lvp move cly
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ser
arm move sev
bal move swe
bel move eng
bla support arm move sev
bud support alb move ser
bul support ser
bur move bel
cly move edi
edi support lvp
gre support ser
iri move lvp
mid move nat
mos support sev
nat support lvp
nth move yor
rom support ven
rum support arm move sev
ser hold
sev support ukr move rum
spa/sc move gol
tri support alb move ser
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ukr move rum
ven support rom move apu
wal support iri move lvp
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet smy
remove stp/nc
remove tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb move ser
arm move sev
bel move bur
ber move pru
bla support arm move sev
bud support alb move ser
bul support ser
cly support lvp
den move swe
edi move cly
eng convoy lon move naf
gre support ser
ion move tys
kie move den
lon move naf via convoy
lvp support cly
gol move tys
mid convoy lon move naf
mos support sev
nat support edi move cly
nap support ion move tys
rom move nap
rum support arm move sev
ser hold
sev hold
smy move aeg
swe move nwy
tri support alb move ser
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
wal move lon
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud support alb move tri
bul support ser
bur move mar
cly move edi
edi move cly
eng move nth
gre support ser
ion move tun
lon support eng move nth
lvp support mid move nat
gol support nap move tys
mid move nat
mos support sev
naf move tun
nat support edi move cly
nap move rom
pru move war
rom move nap
rum support arm move sev
ser hold
sev hold
swe move fin
tri move vie
tyr move ven
ukr move war
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
France: fleet nat
England: fleet/dislodged nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
nat disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bla support sev
bud move ser
bul support ser
cly move edi
den support kie move hel
edi support yor
fin move stp
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move hel
lon support nth move yor
lvp hold
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun move bur
naf move tun
nat move mid
nap move tys
nth move yor
nwy move nrg
pru move war
rom move nap
rum support rum
ser support gre move alb
sev support rum
smy move eas
tri move tyr
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie move boh
yor support edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
bla move sev
boh move mun
bud move tri
bul support ser
bur move mun
cly move edi
den move nth
eas move ion
hel support den move nth
ion move tun
lon move eng
lvp hold
gol move spa/sc
mid convoy naf move bre
mos support war
naf move bre via convoy
nap move tys
nrg support den move nth
pie move mar
pru move lvn
rom move ven
rum support bul
ser support alb move tri
sev move mos
tri move ven
tyr support boh move mun
war support mos
yor support cly move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
tri move vie
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bud
build Army kie
build Army smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bla move con
bre move par
bul move rum
bur move mun
edi support kie move con
eng move mid
gre move alb
hel move nth
ion move nap
kie support bur move mun
lvn support stp move mos
lvp move iri
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move sil
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
rom move nap
rum move bla
ser support tri
sev support mos
smy move arm
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tun move wes
tyr support vie move tri
tys support tun move wes
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
war support mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army/dislodged edi
Germany: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
edi move lvp
tri move bud
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud support ser move tri
con move aeg
edi move yor
ion move nap
iri move mid
kie move ber
lon support nth
lvn support stp
lvp support edi
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid move naf
mos support war
nth hold
nrg move edi
par move bur
pie support ven
rom move apu
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move ukr
sil move mun
spa/sc move wes
stp support lvn
tri support ven
tyr support sil move mun
tys support wes
ven support tri
war support mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
mun move boh
tri move vie
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army kie
remove pie
remove tyr
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move adr
apu move nap
ber support kie move mun
bla convoy con move rum
boh move sil
bud move vie
bur support bel move ruh
con move rum via convoy
edi support lvp
gal support bud move vie
kie move mun
lon move yor
lvn support war
lvp move yor
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid support spa/sc move wes
mos support war move lvn
mun move ruh
naf move tun
nap support tys move rom
nth support lon
sev support ukr
spa/sc move wes
stp support mos
tri support bud move vie
tys move rom
ukr support gal
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war move lvn
wes move tun
yor support lvp move wal
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army/dislodged lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Turkey: fleet/dislodged wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
lvn move pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu move ven
ber move kie
bla hold
bur support bel move ruh
edi support yor
gal support vie
ion move tun
lon move eng
lvn move stp
lvp hold
gol move tus
mid move wes
mos support lvn move stp
naf support mid move wes
nap support rom
nth move hol
pru move war
rom support tys
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil support pru move war
stp move mos
tri support adr move ven
tyr move pie
tys support ion move tun
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tus
vie support tri
wes move gol
yor support lon
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
ven move tyr
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove apu
build Army ber
build Fleet con
remove lvn
remove pie
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bla convoy ank move rum
bur support mun
con move aeg
eng hold
gal support ukr move war
hol move bel
kie move ber
lvp move wal
gol move mar
mid move wes
mos support ukr move war
naf support mid move wes
nap move tys
rom support nap move tys
sev move ukr
sil support war
smy move eas
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move adr
vie support tri move tyr
wes move gol
yor move nth
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move gre
ber move pru
bla hold
bur support mun
eas move ion
edi move nth
eng convoy wal move bre
gal support vie move boh
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar hold
mos support ukr move war
mun move boh
naf support mid move wes
nap move tys
nth move den
pru move lvn
rom move tus
ruh move mun
rum move bud
sev move ukr
sil support war
stp move mos
tun support tys move wes
tyr support vie move boh
tys move wes
ukr move war
vie move boh
wal move bre via convoy
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
ber support sil
bla convoy con move rum
boh move sil
bre move gas
bud move vie
bur support mun
con move rum via convoy
den move bal
eng move mid
gal support ukr move war
gre hold
ion support tun
lvn support war move mos
gol move pie
mar support gol move pie
mos support ukr move war
naf support wes
nap move tys
pru move war
ruh support mun
sev support mos
sil support pru move war
stp support war move mos
tun support nap move tys
tus support tys move gol
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move war
war move mos
wes hold
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move ukr
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
ber move sil
bla hold
boh move mun
bur support mun
gal move sil
gas support mar move spa
gre move ion
ion move tun
lvn support sil move war
gol move wes
mid support wes
mar move spa/sc
mos support sil move war
mun support ber move sil
naf support wes
nth move eng
pie move mar
pru support sil move war
ruh support mun
rum move bud
sev move mos
sil move war
stp support mos
tun move naf
tus move gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys support gol move wes
ukr support war
vie move boh
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
bla move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bud move gal
bur support mun
eng support mid
gal move war
gas move bre
gre move ion
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn support war
gol support tun move wes
mid support wes
mar hold
mos support war
mun support ber move sil
naf support wes
pru support ber move sil
ruh support mun
sev move mos
spa/sc support mar
stp support mos
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys support tun move wes
ukr support gal move war
vie move tyr
war support ber move sil
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
bla support sev
bre hold
bud support gal
bur support mun
eng support mid
gre move ion
ion move tun
lvn support war
gol support tun move wes
mid support wes
mar hold
mun support sil move boh
naf support wes
pie move mar
ruh support mun
sev support ukr
sil move boh
spa/sc support mar
stp support mos
tun move wes
tys support tun move wes
vie support tyr
war support sil move boh
wes hold
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
bal move den
bla support sev
boh move tyr
bud support gal
bur support mun
con move rum via convoy
eng support mid
gal support ukr
gre move ion
ion move tys
lvn support war
gol move mar
mid support wes
mun support boh move tyr
naf support wes
pie support gol move mar
pru move sil
ruh move kie
sev support ukr
sil move boh
spa/sc support mar
stp support mos
tun support tys move naf
tyr support vie
tys move wes
ukr support gal
vie support gal
war support sil move boh
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move tri
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
bla convoy con move rum
boh support sil move gal
bre hold
bud support gal
bur support mun
con move rum via convoy
eng support mid
gal move boh
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn support war
gol support tun move wes
mid support wes
mar hold
mun support boh
naf support wes
pie move mar
sev support ukr
sil move gal
spa/sc support mar
stp support mos
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tyr move vie
tys support tun move wes
ukr support bud move gal
vie support gal move boh
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
bla convoy con move rum
boh move vie
bud support rum move gal
bur support mun
con move rum via convoy
eng support mid
gal move ukr
gre move ion
ion move tun
lvn move pru
gol move mar
mid support wes
mos support gal move ukr
mun support tyr
naf support wes
pie support gol move mar
rum move gal
sev support ukr
spa/sc support mar
stp support mos
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tyr support boh move vie
tys support tun move wes
ukr support rum move gal
vie support rum move gal
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla support sev
boh support sil move gal
bud support gal
bur support mun
gre move ion
ion move tys
gol support pie move mar
mid support wes
mos support ukr
mun support tyr
naf support wes
pie move mar
pru move sil
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil move gal
spa/sc support mar
stp support mos
tri move tyr
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
ukr support sil move gal
ven hold
vie move boh
war support sil move gal
wes support wes
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla support sev
boh move gal
bud support gal
bur support mun
con move bul
gal support vie
gre move ion
ion move tun
gol support tun move wes
mid support wes
mos support ukr
mun move tyr
naf support wes
pie move mar
pru move ber
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil support boh move gal
spa/sc support mar
stp move lvn
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tyr move vie
tys support tun move wes
ukr support boh move gal
vie support gal
war support boh move gal
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
