PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bul support rum
bur move ruh
den move swe
gal move war
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pie hold
ruh move bel
rum support ukr move sev
ser support alb move gre
spa hold
stp move nwy
tus move tun via convoy
tys convoy tus move tun
ukr move sev
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support ruh move hol
ber move bal
bla support arm move sev
bot move bal
bud support vie move gal
bul move rum
den move swe
gre hold
kie move ber
mar move gol
mun move boh
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move tys
ruh move hol
rum move sev
ser support con move rum
spa move mar
stp move fin
tri move alb
tys move gol
ukr support rum move sev
vie move gal
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move bal
bla support arm move sev
boh hold
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
fin support bot move swe
gal move war
gre move bul/sc
hol hold
kie move mun
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos support rum move sev
nth convoy yor move den
pie move mar
rom move tys
rum move sev
ser support gre move bul
spa hold
swe hold
tun move naf
tys move wes
ukr support rum move sev
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
swe move ska
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
remove sev
remove ska
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal support mun move kie
bel move ruh
bla support arm move sev
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc hold
bur move mar
edi move nrg
fin move stp
gre move aeg
hol move bel
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mos hold
mun move kie
nth support nwy
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum support arm move sev
ser move rum
spa support bur move mar
swe hold
tri move tyr
tys move wes
ukr move sev
vie support tri move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move ber
bel support ruh move hol
bud support rum
bul/sc support aeg move con
con move smy
kie move hol
gol move tys
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move sil
nth support den
nrg move nwy
nwy move ska
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum support mos move sev
sil support tyr move mun
spa move gas
stp support ukr move mos
swe support bal move den
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys support tus move gol
ukr move mos
vie support gal move boh
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move boh
sev move ukr
tys move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
remove gal
remove hol
remove smy
build Army tri
remove ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber support ruh move kie
boh move sil
bud move gal
bul/sc move aeg
con hold
den move kie
gas move bur
lon hold
gol support rom move tys
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth move hel
nwy hold
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
sev support ukr move mos
sil move war
ska move nth
smy move ank
spa/sc move gol
stp move lvn
swe move bot
tri move tyr
tys move rom
vie support bud move gal
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tus
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move smy
ber support kie
bot hold
con support aeg move smy
den move kie
gal support war
gas move bur
hel support den move kie
hol hold
kie support hol
lon move den via convoy
lvn move war
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support lvn move war
mun move bur
naf move spa via convoy
nth convoy lon move den
pie move mar
rom support tus move tys
rum hold
sev move mos
sil support ber
tus move tys
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr move sev
vie move boh
war support sev move mos
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move ven
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove rom
remove sil
build Fleet tri
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
ber hold
boh move sil
bot move bal
bud move ser
con move ank
den move kie
gal support war
gas move bur
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
kie move ruh
lon move den via convoy
lvn move war
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support lvn move war
mun support kie
naf support tys move tun
nth convoy lon move den
par support gas move bur
pie move tus
rum move sev
sev move arm
smy hold
tri move adr
tun support gol move tys
tyr support ven move pie
tys move tun
ven move pie
vie move tri
war hold
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move ion
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank hold
arm move ank
bal move ber
ber move pru
bur move mar
con support arm move ank
den support kie
gal support war
hel support kie
hol move bel
ion move nap
kie support bal move ber
lvn support mos
mar move gol
mos hold
mun support sil move ber
naf move tun
par move bur
ruh move kie
ser move gre
sev move mos
sil move ber
smy hold
tri move ven
tun move wes
tus move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move rom
war support sev move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
build Army par
remove pie
remove pru
remove ruh
build Fleet tri
remove tun
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
bal support lvn move pru
bel move hol
ber support mun
bud move gal
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den move kie
gal move ukr
gre move tun
hel support den move kie
ion convoy gre move tun
kie move ruh
lon move den via convoy
lvn move pru
gol move tys
mar support par move bur
mos hold
mun support ber
naf support gre move tun
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move den
par move bur
rom support gol move tys
sev move mos
smy move eas
tri move adr
tus move ven
tyr move pie
ven support tyr move pie
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion move apu
aeg support eas move ion
bal support pru move ber
ber support boh move sil
boh move sil
bur move mun
den support kie
eas move ion
gal move war
hel support den move kie
hol move ruh
ion move apu
kie support pru move ber
lon hold
lvn move stp
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support ber
nap move apu
nth hold
nwy support mos move stp
par move pic
pie hold
pru move ber
rom move nap
sev move mos
smy move con
tun hold
tus move rom
tys support wes move tun
ukr support sev move mos
ven support pie
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove naf
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
bal support ber
ber support bur move mun
bre move mid
bur move mun
con move bul
den support kie
hel support kie
ion move nap
kie support bur move mun
lvn move stp
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
nap support tys move ion
nwy support stp
pic move bur
pie move tus
rom support nap
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun
stp hold
tri move tyr
tun support tys move ion
tus support mar move pie
tys move ion
ukr move war
ven move rom
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
apu support nap
bal convoy den move lvn
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bul move ser
bur support mun
den move lvn via convoy
kie support ber
lon move den via convoy
lvn move stp
mid move wes
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
nap support aeg move ion
nth convoy lon move den
nwy support stp
pie support tus move ven
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sil support pru move ber
stp support den move lvn
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr move mun
tys support rom move nap
ven move pie
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
apu move ion
bal support lvn move pru
ber support lvn move pru
boh move mun
bud move gal
bur support mun
den support kie
hel support kie
ion move tys
kie support ber
lvn support stp move mos
mar move gol
mos hold
mun move tyr
nap support ion move tys
nth move eng
nwy support stp
par move gas
pie support ven
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh support mun
ser move bul
sil support pru move ber
stp hold
tri move ven
tun support tys move ion
tyr move pie
tys move ion
ven support mun move tyr
vie move tyr
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ion move aeg
ven move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg hold
apu move ion
bal support lvn move pru
ber support lvn move pru
boh support tyr
bul move gre
bur support mun
den support kie
eng move mid
gal move sil
gas move mar
hel support kie
ion move nap
kie support ber
lvn move pru
gol hold
mos support pru move lvn
mun hold
nap move rom
nwy support stp
pie move ven
pru move lvn
rom support ion move nap
ruh support mun
sil move mun
stp move mos
tun move ion
tus support pie move ven
tyr support ven
tys support ion move nap
ven support nap move rom
vie move bud
war support mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
apu support aeg move ion
bal convoy den move lvn
ber support pru
boh support vie move tyr
bud move vie
bur move mun
den move lvn via convoy
gal support sil
hel move nth
kie support ber
gol convoy mar move tus
mid move wes
mar move tus via convoy
mos support war
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nwy support stp
pie support mun move tyr
pru support den move lvn
rom move nap
ruh support bur move mun
sil support war
stp support den move lvn
tri support ven
tun support nap move ion
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys support nap move ion
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
apu support aeg move ion
bal convoy kie move lvn
ber move sil
boh support tyr
bur support mun
gal move ukr
gre move bul
kie support mun
lvn move war
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nwy support stp
pie support tyr
pru support lvn move war
rom support tus
ruh support mun
sil support war
stp support lvn move mos
tri support ven
tun support tys move ion
tus support mar move pie
tyr support boh
tys move ion
ven hold
vie move bud
war support mos
wes hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
