PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre hold
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par hold
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bre support eng move bel
bul move rum
con move bul
eng move bel
gal move rum
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move bur
pie support spa move mar
ruh move bel
ser support gal move rum
sev move rum
sil move ber
spa move mar
ukr move war
ven move tus
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move sil
bre hold
bud support rum
bur move mar
den support nwy move swe
edi move nth
eng move bel
gre support ser move bul
hol support bel
kie move ber
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun support kie move ber
nap move tys
nth move ska
pie move mar
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move alb
tun move wes
tus move pie
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support wes move par
bel hold
ber support mun move sil
bla support ukr move rum
bre move mid
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur move mar
con move bul
den hold
eng move nth
fin move swe
gre support bul
hol move nth
mun move sil
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
pie support spa move mar
rum support vie move gal
sev move rum
sil move boh
ska support fin move swe
smy move aeg
spa hold
swe move den
tus support pie
tys move gol
ukr support war move gal
vie move gal
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
remove stp
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move ion
bal move kie
ber move kie
bla support con move bul
bre move gas
bud move gal
bul support rum
con move bul
den move kie
eng move iri
gre support bul
hol support kie move hel
kie move hel
lon move nth
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mar support spa
nwy move stp/sc
pie move mar
rum support bul
sev move arm
sil move war
ska support swe move den
spa support mar
swe move den
tri move bud
tus move pie
ukr support gal
vie support bud move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move bur
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move ank
bal move den
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla move rum
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur move mar
con move ank
gal support ukr move war
gas support bur move mar
gre support ion move aeg
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion move aeg
iri move eng
gol move spa/sc
mid move naf
mar support gol move spa
nth support den
nwy move stp/nc
pie support mar
rum support bul
ska move swe
spa support bur move mar
tri move vie
ukr move war
vie move boh
war move mos
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
nth move edi
spa move por
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bal
remove bur
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bla move sev
boh move gal
bud support boh move gal
bul support rum
con support smy
edi support lon move nth
eng support lon move nth
gal move sil
gas support por move spa
gre move aeg
hol move nth
kie support nth move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move sil
naf move tun
nap move tys
nth move den
pic move bre
pie move mar
por move spa
rum support bul
smy support con
spa/sc move mid
swe move nwy
ven move tyr
vie support boh move gal
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army/dislodged den
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move swe
gal move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bla move bul/ec
bre move par
bud move rum
bul move con
bur move gas
con support smy
den move nth
eas move smy
edi move nth
eng support nth move bel
gal move war
gas move par
hol move bel
kie move hol
mid move por
mar support wes move spa
mos move war
mun move ber
naf move tun
nth move bel
nwy move ska
pru move war
rum move sev
smy support con
spa move por
swe move den
tyr support vie move boh
tys move tun
vie support tyr move mun
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army mun
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ber move sil
bla support con
bre move par
bud move rum
bul move con
bur support mar move gas
den support hol move nth
gal support vie move boh
gas move par
hol move nth
kie move ruh
mid move spa/nc
mar move gas
mos move war
mun support ber move sil
naf move tun
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
smy support bul move con
spa/sc move por
tri support mar move gas
tyr support vie move boh
tys move tun
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
bla move ank
boh support tyr move mun
bre move par
bur move par
con move ank
den hold
gal move sil
gas support bur move par
mun support sil move boh
naf move wes
nth move bel
por support spa/nc move mid
ruh support nth move bel
rum hold
sev move mos
sil move boh
smy move con
spa/nc move mid
tri move vie
tyr support boh move mun
tys move tun
ukr support bla move mos
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army rom
build Army tri
build Army ven
remove wes
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move smy
bel hold
bla move ank
boh support gal move vie
bre move gas
bud support tri move vie
con move smy via convoy
den move kie
gal move vie
gas move bre
mid support gas move bre
mos move war
par support gas move bre
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
ruh support mun
rum support ukr move gal
sil support tyr move mun
smy move con
tri move vie
tyr support vie move boh
ukr move gal
ven move pie
vie move boh
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Germany: army/dislodged bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
bel move nth
boh support tyr move mun
bre support par
bud move tri
con support smy move ank
gal support boh
kie move ber
mid move iri
mun support kie move ber
par support bre
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh support mun
rum move ser
sil support tyr move mun
smy move ank
spa/sc move mid
tyr move mun
ven move pie
vie support bud move tri
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank disband
mun move bur
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove pru
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move yor via convoy
boh support mun
bre move pic
bud move gal
bur move gas
con move smy
gal move war
gre hold
iri support mid move eng
kie move ber
mid move eng
mar move gas
mun support sil move ber
nth convoy bel move yor
par support bre move pic
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh move bel
ser hold
sil move ber
tri support ven
vie hold
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move lon via convoy
ber move kie
boh support gal move sil
bur move bel
eng support pic move bel
gal move sil
gre hold
iri move wal
kie move den
mar move gas
mun support par move bur
nth convoy bel move lon
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru move ber
ser hold
smy hold
tri hold
ven support tri
vie move gal
war move lvn
yor support bel move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bur move pic
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove lon
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber support sil move mun
boh support vie move tyr
bud move ser
bur move bel
den move kie
eng support wal move lon
gal move sil
gas move bre
gre move aeg
kie support sil move mun
lvn move stp
mar move pie
mun hold
nap move tys
nth support yor move edi
ser move gre
sev move mos
sil move mun
smy move eas
tri support vie move tyr
tys move wes
ven support tri
vie move tyr
wal move lon
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
edi move cly
mun move ruh
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
bel move bur
ber support kie
boh support mun
bre move pic
cly move edi
den move swe
eas hold
eng move mid
gre hold
hol support den move kie
kie support hol
lon move eng
lvn support mos move stp
lvp support cly move edi
mos move stp
mun hold
nth support edi
pie support ven
ruh support den move kie
ser move alb
sil support mun
ska move nth
swe move den
tri support tyr
tun move ion
tyr support tri
tys move nap
ven support pie
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: army/dislodged edi
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
edi move yor
stp/nc move nwy
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove ska
build Army vie
remove yor
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move tri
ber support kie
boh move mun
bud move tri
bur support ruh
den support nth move ska
eas move ion
edi support nwy move nth
eng support nwy move stp
gre hold
hol support den move kie
ion hold
kie support mun move ruh
lvn move stp
mid support lvp move lon
mun move ruh
nap move apu
nth move ska
nwy move nth
pic move bel
pie support ven
ruh support den move kie
sil support boh move mun
stp move fin
swe move den
tri move ser
tyr hold
tys support ion
ven support pie
vie support tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb hold
apu move adr
bel support ruh
ber support kie
boh support sil move mun
bud move tri
bur support ruh
den move swe
eas move ion
edi move yor
eng support nth move nwy
fin move nwy
gre hold
hol support den move kie
ion support apu move adr
kie support mun move ruh
mid support nth move nwy
mun move ruh
nth move lon
pie support ven
ruh support den move kie
ser move tri
sil move mun
ska support den move swe
stp support fin move nwy
swe move fin
tyr hold
tys support ion
ven support bud move tri
vie support tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
