PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support con move bul
bre move eng
bul move gre
bur hold
con move bul
fin move swe
gal move vie
hol support yor move bel
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn move war
nap move tun via convoy
nth convoy yor move bel
pic move bel
ser support alb move gre
tri hold
ven hold
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army nap
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
bla support rum
bre move eng
bud support tri move vie
bul hold
bur support bel move pic
con support bul
den move kie
gre move bul/sc
hol move hel
ion move adr
kie move ruh
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move bur
mos move ukr
nap move apu
nth support lon move eng
pic support mar move bur
rum move sev
ser support gre move bul
sev move rum
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie
tun hold
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support bul move gre
apu move ven
bel move pic
bla support con move bul
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul move gre
bur move par
con move bul
eng support bel move pic
gal move boh
gre move bul/sc
hel move den
iri move mid
kie move mun
mar move bur
mun move bur
nth support hel move den
nwy hold
pic support mar move bur
ruh support mun move bur
ser support gre move bul
swe support nwy
tri move ser
tun hold
ukr move gal
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move ion
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet con
remove ion
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
ber support mun
boh support ukr move gal
bre hold
bul support gre move ser
bur move gas
con move aeg
den hold
eng support iri move mid
gal move rum
gre move ser
iri move mid
mar hold
mun support ruh move bur
nap move tys
nwy support swe move ska
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
por move spa
ruh move bur
ser support gal move rum
swe move ska
tri support ven
tun hold
tyr move vie
ukr move gal
ven support tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move war
ser move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support bud move tri
ber move sil
bla hold
boh move gal
bre support par move gas
bud move tri
bul support ser
bur support gas move mar
den support nth
eng move mid
gal move ukr
gas move mar
gre hold
ion move tys
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa move gas
mun support ber move sil
nth hold
nwy support ska move nth
par move gas
ser hold
sev move mos
ska move nth
spa move gas
tri support ven
tun hold
tys move gol
ven support tri
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
den support nth
eng move mid
gal move bud
gas support mid move spa
gre move ion
ion move tys
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mun move boh
nwy move nrg
ser move alb
sev move mos
sil support war
ska move nth
spa hold
tri hold
tun hold
tys move wes
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
vie support gal move bud
war support bud move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
bla support rum
boh support mun move tyr
bre move wal via convoy
bud move tri
bul move gre
den move swe
eng convoy bre move wal
gal move bud
gas support mar
ion move nap
gol support tun move spa
mid support spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nth move edi
pie hold
pru support war
ser support alb move tri
sil support war
spa/sc support mar
tri hold
tun move spa via convoy
tys move rom
ukr move mos
vie support gal move bud
war move lvn
wes convoy tun move spa
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
remove gol
remove pie
build Fleet smy
remove wes
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bla hold
boh support tyr
bud move gal
con move bul
edi support lon move nth
eng support lon move nth
gas move mar
gre move alb
kie move den
lon move nth
lvn move pru
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move lvn
nap move ion
nrg move nth
pru support sil move war
rom hold
ser support tri
sil move war
ska support nrg move nth
smy move aeg
spa/sc move gol
stp support mos move lvn
swe support kie move den
tri hold
tun hold
tyr support mar move pie
ven move tri
vie support bud move gal
wal move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move apu
alb support tri
bla support bul move rum
boh move vie
bul move rum
con move apu via convoy
den move ska
edi support nth move nrg
eng move nth
gal move war
ion convoy con move apu
lvn move pru
lvp move yor
gol support wes move tys
mar support pie
nth move nrg
nrg move nwy
pie support tyr move ven
pru support war
rom move tys
ser move bud
ska support nrg move nwy
stp move mos
swe support den move ska
tri support ven
tun hold
tyr move ven
ven move tri
vie move boh
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move sev
ven disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
remove vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
ber move sil
bla move con
boh move vie
bud support gal move vie
con move bul
edi move nrg
gal support boh move vie
ion move nap
lvn move mos
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move stp/nc
pie support ven
pru support war
rom hold
rum move ser
sev hold
ska support yor move nwy
smy move aeg
swe support ska
tri move ven
tun hold
tys support mar move tus
ven support mar move tus
war support gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support tri
apu support rom
bar support nwy move stp
bud support gal move vie
bul move rum
gal move bud
ion move adr
gol support tys
mos move sev
nap support rom
nth move eng
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
pie support ven
pru support sil move war
rom hold
ser support tri
sev move arm
sil move war
ska hold
swe support nwy move fin
tri support gal move vie
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr support vie
tys support tus move rom
ukr move rum
ven support tus move rom
vie support gal move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
remove sev
remove ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support tri
apu support rom
arm move ank
bar move stp/nc
ber move sil
bud support tyr move tri
bul move rum
con move bla
eng move mid
ion hold
lon move nth
lvp move iri
gol support tys
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap support rom move apu
nwy support lon move nth
pie support ven
pru move war
rom hold
stp move mos
tri hold
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr move tri
tys support tus move rom
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu support rom
bla convoy rum move arm
bud support gal move rum
gal move rum
iri move mid
gol move mar
mid move por
mos support sev
nap support rom
nth move hol
nwy move nth
pie support ven
rom hold
rum move arm via convoy
ser move bul
sev support gal move rum
sil move war
stp/nc move nwy
tri support ven
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr support tri
tys support tus move rom
ven support tus move rom
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove arm
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu support rom
bla move con
bud support tri move ser
bul hold
edi move nth
gal support rum
gre support bul
hol support edi move nth
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid move naf
mar move gol
mos move sev
nap support rom
nth move hel
nwy support edi move nth
pie support tus move ven
por move spa/sc
rom hold
rum support tri move ser
sev move mos
ska move den
swe support ska move den
tri move ser
tun hold
tus move ven
tyr move mun
tys support tus move rom
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu support rom
bla move sev
boh move sil
bul hold
den move kie
eng convoy wal move pic
gal support rum
gre support bul
hel support nth move den
hol move kie
ion support tun
gol move mar
mos move sev
mun move ruh
naf support tys move tun
nap move tys
nth move den
nwy move swe
pie move tus
rom support tys
rum support ser
ser support rum
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
tun hold
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ven support pie move tus
wal move pic via convoy
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army kie
build Army lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support rom
bal support kie
bul hold
den move kie
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move rum
gre support bul
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
ion support tun
kie support ruh move hol
lon move bel via convoy
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun support kie
naf support tys move tun
nap move tys
nwy move swe
pic move bur
rom support nap move tys
ruh move hol
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sil move ber
stp move mos
swe move den
tun hold
tus move ven
tys move tun
ukr move mos
ven move tri
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
England: fleet/dislodged tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tys move wes
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move rom
bal support kie
bel support bur
ber support kie
bud move vie
bul hold
bur support bel
den move swe
eng move nth
gal move vie
gre support bul
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion support tys move tun
kie support ruh
lvn move mos
gol support pie move tus
mun support kie
naf move tun
nwy support den move swe
pie move tus
rom move tys
ruh support kie
rum support tri move bud
ser support tri move bud
stp move mos
swe move den
tri move bud
tun hold
tys move tun
ukr move sev
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move ska
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bul
build Fleet edi
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support rom
bal support kie
bel support bur
ber support kie
bud move ser
bur support bel
con move aeg
edi move nth
gal move bud
gre move bul
hel support nth move den
hol support edi move nth
ion support tun
kie support ruh
lvn move mos
gol support tus move tys
mun support kie
naf move tun
nth move den
nwy support swe
rom hold
ruh support kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
swe support nth move den
tun hold
tus move tys
tys support rom
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move nap
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support rom
arm move ank
bal support kie
bel support bur
ber support kie
bud move tri
bul move con
bur support bel
den support swe
gre hold
hel support den
ion support gre
kie support ruh
gol move tys
mun support kie
naf move tun
nap move tys
nth support hol
nwy support swe
rom hold
ruh support kie
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
ska move den
stp hold
swe support den
tun hold
tys move ion
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
England: army bur
Germany: army con
Germany: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
