PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move war
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bud move rum
bul move gre
con move aeg
eng move mid
fin move swe
gal move boh
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth move nwy
pic move bre
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
smy move con
spa move mar
wal hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb move gre
bel move pic
ber move sil
boh move vie
bre move pic
bud support vie
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
gal support boh move vie
hol move kie
kie move mun
lon move nth
mid move por
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
pie move mar
por hold
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
smy move eas
swe hold
tun support nap move ion
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
wal move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb support ion move gre
bel move pic
boh move vie
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul support ion move gre
con move bul
den hold
eas move ion
gal support boh move vie
gre move ser
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie move ruh
lon move nwy via convoy
mid hold
mar hold
mun move bur
nth convoy lon move nwy
par support bre move pic
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
sil move war
stp/nc support lon move nwy
swe move nwy
tun move wes
tyr move boh
ukr support rum
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army bre
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bel support bur
boh move tyr
bre move gas
bud support ser move rum
bul move gre
bur support pie move mar
con move bul
den hold
gal move bud
gre move bul/sc
hol move nth
ion support bul move gre
kie move bal
lon move eng
mid move spa/sc
mar support bre move gas
nap move ion
nth support stp/nc move nwy
nwy move fin
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
pie move mar
ruh support bur
rum hold
ser move rum
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc move nwy
swe hold
tri support bud
ukr move mos
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
bal move swe
bel hold
bud support tri move vie
bul support gre move ser
bur move mar
den support bal move swe
eng move bre
fin move stp
gal move bud
gas move mar
gre move ser
hol support bel
ion move tun
mid move por
mar move spa
mos move stp
nap move ion
nth hold
nwy support swe
par move bur
pic move bre
pie support bur move mar
ruh support bel
ser support bud
spa/sc move por
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
vie support gal move bud
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move tri
swe move bot
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove gal
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
remove rum
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
alb support nap move ion
bel support mar move bur
boh move gal
bot move stp/sc
bud move rum
bul support ser
bur support gas move mar
con move gre via convoy
den move kie
gas move mar
hol move nth
ion support con move gre
kie move hel
mar move bur
mos support bot move stp
mun support mar move bur
nap move ion
pic move bre
ruh support bel
ser hold
spa/sc support gas move mar
swe move nwy
tri move ser
vie move bud
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
ion move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bel move pic
bre hold
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser
bur support pie move mar
gal move war
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion support alb move gre
kie move den
mar move bur
mos support gal move war
mun support bur
par support bre
pie move tus
ruh move bel
rum move bul
ser hold
sil move war
spa/sc move por
stp/sc hold
swe support kie move den
tri move ser
tun move tys
tyr move vie
tys move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bel
build Army con
remove den
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
remove vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bre support par
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur move par
con move bul
gre support bul move ser
hol move nth
ion move nap
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nth move nwy
par move bur
pic support bur move par
por hold
rom move nap
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support mos move ukr
sil hold
smy move eas
stp/sc move fin
swe support nth move nwy
tri move tyr
tus support tys move rom
tys move rom
war hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb support ion move gre
bre support par
bul move ser
bur hold
con move bul
eas move ion
gal move ukr
gre move ser
ion move gre
mar move gas
mun support bur
nth move edi
nwy support swe
par hold
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
rum support gal move ukr
sev move rum
sil hold
stp/sc hold
swe support nwy
tus move rom
tyr move vie
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
alb support gre
bel support bur move pic
ber move bal
boh support vie move gal
bre move pic
bud support tri move ser
bul support con move gre
bur move pic
con move gre via convoy
edi move nth
gal move sil
gas move mar
gre support nap move ion
ion support con move gre
kie move ruh
mar move gol
mun move bur
nap move ion
nwy move bar
par move bur
rom move tus
rum move sev
sev hold
sil move war
spa/sc move wes
stp/sc hold
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tys support nap move ion
vie move gal
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move tun
sil move ber
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb support gre
bal hold
bar move stp/nc
bel support pic
ber move sil
boh support gal move sil
bre move pic
bud move gal
bul move gre
con move bul
gal move sil
gre support ser move bul
ion move tun
gol move tys
mar move bur
mun support ber move sil
nth move lon
nwy support bar move stp
par support mar move bur
pic hold
ruh support mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move mos
sil support war move pru
stp/sc hold
tun hold
tys support ion move tun
war move pru
wes support tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp/sc move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove mos
build Fleet smy
remove tus
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ion
boh move sil
bre move pic
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move mun
gal move ukr
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
lvn move bal
gol move tys
par support bre move pic
pru support sil move ber
rum move sev
sil move ber
smy move aeg
tun support aeg move ion
tys move tun
vie move tyr
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
tys move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ber move kie
bul support aeg move con
bur support pic move bel
con hold
eas support smy move aeg
gal move war
gre move aeg
ion move nap
lvn move bot
par move pic
pic move bel
pru move ber
rom move nap
sev support ukr move mos
sil move ber
smy move aeg
tun support wes move tys
tyr move pie
tys move tus
ukr move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army bud
remove eas
remove kie
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support aeg move con
bel move ruh
bud move gal
bul support con
bur support bel move ruh
con support gre move aeg
gre move aeg
ion move tun
mar move pie
mos move lvn
nap support rom move tys
pic move bel
pie move tus
pru move ber
rom move tys
sev move arm
sil support war move pru
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
vie move boh
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
tys move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support smy
arm support con move ank
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bul move con
bur move mun
con move ank
gal hold
lvn support war move pru
gol move wes
nap support tys move rom
pie move tyr
rom move tus
ruh support bur move mun
sil move mun
smy hold
tun hold
tus move ven
tyr move ven
tys move rom
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank move con
arm move sev
bal move den
boh support vie move tyr
bre move mid
bur move mun
con move smy
gal move vie
hol move kie
kie move den
lvn hold
mar move gol
nap support rom move tys
nwy move nth
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom move tys
ruh support bur move mun
sil support pru move ber
smy hold
stp/nc move nwy
tun hold
tus support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
vie move tyr
wes support mar move gol
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move eas
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support nth move den
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
eas hold
hol support kie
ion support tys move tun
kie move ber
lvn move stp
gol move tys
mid move iri
mun hold
nap move tys
nth move den
nwy move nrg
pie move tyr
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil support boh move mun
smy hold
tun move ion
tus support ven move pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys move tun
ven move pie
vie move boh
wes support tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move mar
tun disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove eas
build Fleet rom
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move kie
ber support tyr move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bud move tri
con move aeg
den support bal move kie
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move tun
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon hold
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move sil
nap support rom move tys
nrg move nth
pie hold
rom move tys
ruh support hol move kie
sil support tyr move mun
smy move syr
stp move fin
tri move adr
tun move naf
tus support pie
tyr move mun
ven support pie
vie move tyr
wes move naf
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move kie
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bur move mun
den support bal move kie
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move ruh
lon move nth
gol move tys
mid move naf
mar move pie
mun move kie
nap move rom
nth move hel
pie hold
ruh support hol move kie
sil support tyr move mun
syr move arm
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tus support pie
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
ven support pie
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move smy
arm move sev
bal move kie
ber support bal move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bur move mun
den support bal move kie
hel support bal move kie
hol support kie
ion support tun
lvp move cly
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun move bur
naf move tun
nth move hol
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh support kie
sil support tyr move mun
tri move ser
tun support tys move wes
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven support rom move tus
vie move gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bur move mun
cly move edi
fin move swe
gal move war
hol move kie
ion support tun
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun move kie
naf move tun
ruh support hol move kie
sev move mos
sil support tyr move mun
stp move nwy
tus support tys move gol
tyr support ber move mun
tys move gol
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove kie
build Army rom
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bur move mun
den move nth
edi move yor
gre move ion
hel support den move nth
hol move kie
ion move tys
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move kie
naf move tun
nth move lon
nwy hold
ruh support hol move kie
ser move bud
sil support tyr move mun
smy move aeg
swe move den
tri move adr
tun move wes
tus support tys move gol
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven support pie
war move pru
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support mun move kie
boh support sil move mun
bud move tri
bur support mar
den support mun move kie
gre support aeg move ion
hol move kie
gol move wes
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move kie
naf support mid move wes
nwy move swe
pie support gol move mar
pru move sil
rom move tus
ruh support hol move kie
sil move mun
spa/sc support wes move gol
stp move nwy
tun move naf
tus move gol
tyr support sil move mun
tys support gol move wes
wes move gol
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove hel
remove nth
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber support kie
boh support tyr move mun
bur move mun
den support kie
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie support mun move ruh
gol move mar
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move ruh
naf move tun
pie support gol move mar
rom move tus
ruh support bur move mun
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc support wes move gol
tun move wes
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys support tun move wes
wes move gol
yor move nth
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
