PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move tys
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul move gre
bur support pie move mar
con move bul
den move swe
gas move par
kie move hol
lon move eng
nth convoy yor move bel
pie move mar
ser move gre
spa hold
tri move alb
tys move tun
ukr support rum
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move pic
bla support bul
bot move swe
bul hold
bur move gas
con support bul
den move swe
eng move bre
hol move kie
ion support alb move gre
kie move bal
lvp move nat
mid move bre
mar support bur move gas
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move nwy
par hold
rom move ven
rum move bla
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa hold
tri move vie
tun support nap move ion
ukr move rum
ven move apu
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
apu move ven
arm move smy
bal convoy kie move lvn
bla move ank
bot move stp/sc
bul hold
bur support gas move par
con support bul
den move swe
eas support arm move smy
eng move bre
gas move par
gre support ser move bul
kie move lvn
mid move por
mar move spa
nat move mid
nwy move stp/nc
par move bre
pic support eng move bre
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
spa move gas
tun move wes
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
remove gas
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support con
arm move ank
bal move bot
ber move pru
bot move stp/sc
bre hold
bud move ser
bul move con
bur move mun
con support ank
eas move aeg
edi move nrg
gre move bul
ion move adr
lon move nth
lvn move war
mid hold
mos support bot move stp/sc
mun move sil
nap move ion
nwy move ska
pic move bel
por hold
sev move ukr
smy support bul move con
swe support bal move bot
tri hold
ven support tyr
vie support tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg move smy
ank hold
arm move ank
bel move hol
bot move swe
bre hold
bul support ser move rum
con support aeg move smy
ion move gre
mid support spa move por
mos move war
mun move tyr
nth support ska move den
nrg move nwy
par move bur
por move spa/sc
pru support war
ser move rum
sil move mun
ska move den
smy support arm move ank
spa move por
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
tri hold
tyr move tri
ukr support mos move war
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
wes hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Austria: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bla
smy move syr
tri move ser
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bla
remove bot
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
remove syr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
ank move con
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
edi move bel
gre move bul/sc
hol support edi move bel
lon hold
mid hold
mos move sev
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move bel
nwy move swe
por move spa
pru move war
rom move tys
rum move sev
ser support bud move tri
smy move aeg
stp/sc hold
swe move bal
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
vie support bud move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support bul move gre
ank move con
bal support ruh move kie
bel move ruh
boh move vie
bud move vie
bul move gre
den move kie
eng convoy lon move pic
gal support vie move bud
hol support den move kie
ion move eas
lon move pic
nth move den
ruh move kie
ser support bul move gre
sev move rum
spa hold
swe move bal
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move mos
wes hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
rum move bul
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
alb move gre
ank move con
bal move ber
bel move ruh
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser
con move smy
den move bal
eas support ion move aeg
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move rum
gre support ser
hol support bel move ruh
ion move aeg
kie support den move bal
lon move pic
mid hold
mos move sev
mun support bal move ber
pic move par
ruh move bur
rum move sev
ser support gre
swe support den move bal
tri move ser
ukr support rum move sev
ven move tri
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
alb move gre
ank move con
bal move ber
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud support tri move ser
bul move con
bur support mun move ruh
eas move smy
eng move nth
gre move bul
hol move bel
ion support alb move gre
kie support bal move ber
mid hold
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nth move nrg
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev support ukr move rum
smy support bul move con
swe move den
tri move ser
ukr move rum
ven move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber disband
bur move gas
ser move alb
smy move arm
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove stp/sc
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move con
arm move ank
bel move hol
ber move bal
boh support mun
bul move rum
bur support ruh move mun
den hold
edi move nwy
gas support par move bre
gre support ser move bul
ion move tun
kie move ber
mid move bre
mos move sev
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg move bar
par move gas
pie move mar
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum support mos move sev
ser move bul
sev move ukr
smy support aeg move con
spa support pie move mar
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
arm hold
bal move den
bar support nwy move stp
ber support hol move kie
boh support mun
bre move mid
bul move con
bur move par
con move bla
den move ska
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
lon move bel
mos move stp
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy move stp
par move bre
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
smy support bul move con
spa move por
tun move naf
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move pie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
remove gas
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
bel support par move bur
ber hold
bla support con move ank
boh support mun
bre move gas
bud move rum
bul/sc move aeg
con move ank
den move nth
kie support ruh move mun
mid hold
mar hold
mos move sev
naf move mid
nth move eng
par move bur
pie hold
rom move tys
ruh move mun
ska move nwy
smy move con
spa/sc support naf move mid
tyr move vie
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
war move ukr
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
mid move nat
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move ank
bar move nrg
bel move ruh
ber hold
bla move sev
boh support mun
bur support ruh move mun
con move aeg
eng move bre
gal move ukr
gas move mar
kie support ruh move mun
mid convoy por move bre
mos move sev
nat move iri
nth move eng
nwy move nth
pie support mar
por move bre
ruh move mun
rum support bla move sev
sev support gal move ukr
spa/sc support mid
stp move mos
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ukr move war
wes support mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
