PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den move swe
gal support rum
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nwy
ruh support kie move hol
rum hold
ser move gre
spa move por
tri move adr
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move sev
ven move tri
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
bel support par move bur
ber move bal
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud support adr move tri
bul move gre
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
gal move vie
hol hold
lon move nth
mar move gol
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy move swe
par move bur
por move spa
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser support adr move tri
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
tri support tyr move vie
tun support nap move ion
tyr move vie
ven move adr
war move lvn
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move bul/sc
bal move kie
bel support bur
bla support bul move rum
bot hold
bud support tri
bul move rum
bur support bel
den move nth
gal move boh
hel move den
hol move kie
ion move tys
lvn move war
gol support wes move tys
mid move naf
mun hold
nth support hel move den
ser support tri
sev hold
sil move war
spa move mar
swe move bal
tun move wes
tyr move vie
ukr move gal
ven support adr move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move ska
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
remove ska
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move lvn
bel support bur
bot hold
bud support tri
bur support bel
den support swe
edi move nrg
gal move war
gre move alb
hol support mun move kie
ion move tys
lon move nth
lvn support gal move war
gol support tys
mar move spa
mun move kie
naf move tun
nth move hel
rum move sev
ser support tri
sev hold
sil move war
swe support den move ska
tys support naf move tun
ven move rom
vie move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move ser
bel hold
bla hold
bud move vie
bur move gas
den move kie
hel support yor move hol
ion move nap
gol convoy spa move tus
mid move bre
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nwy
rum support alb move ser
ser move tri
spa move tus via convoy
swe hold
tri move ven
tun support tys
tys move rom
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move ruh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bal
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move arm
bla hold
bot hold
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul/sc move gre
con move bul
den support hel move kie
gal move war
gas move bre
hel move kie
hol move ruh
lon move eng
lvn support gal move war
gol support tys
nap support rom
nth support hol
nwy support swe
rom hold
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev hold
smy move aeg
swe hold
tri move ven
tun support tys move ion
tus move ven
tys move ion
vie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot hold
bud hold
bul move ser
den move bal
eng move iri
gre support aeg move ion
hol support kie
ion move apu
kie hold
lvn move pru
gol move tys
mid move por
nap hold
nwy move stp/nc
rom support adr move ven
rum support bul move ser
sev hold
swe hold
tun support gol move tys
tus move ven
tyr move pie
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bot
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove nap
remove sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
apu support tys move nap
bal support kie move ber
bel move bur
bla convoy ank move sev
bre move gas
bud support ser move tri
con move bul
edi move hol via convoy
gre move alb
hol move kie
iri move mid
kie move ber
nth convoy edi move hol
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru support war move sil
rom support ven
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move ukr
swe move bot
tun hold
tus move ven
tys move nap
ven hold
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move mun
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
apu support tus move ven
bal support ber
ber hold
bla move sev
bot move lvn
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move mar
gal move war
gas support bur move mar
hol move ruh
ion hold
kie move mun
lon move den via convoy
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mun support ruh
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move den
pru move ber
rom hold
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support mar
tri support bud move vie
tus move ven
ukr support gal move war
ven move apu
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army lon
build Army par
remove pru
remove ruh
remove sil
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
ank move arm
apu support ven
bal convoy den move ber
ber move pru
con move bul
den move ber via convoy
gas move spa
hol move ruh
kie move mun
lon move hol via convoy
lvn support ber move pru
mid support gas move spa
mar support gas move spa
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move hol
par move bur
pie move mar
rom move ven
ser move tri
sev move bla
smy move aeg
stp/nc hold
tri move tyr
ukr support mos
ven support nap move rom
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
spa/sc disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move gre
apu support ven
arm move sev
bal move bot
ber support ruh move mun
bla move rum
boh support tyr move mun
bul move ser
bur move mar
hol move ruh
ion hold
kie support ruh move mun
lvn hold
mid move por
mar move spa
mos support war
pru support lvn
ruh move mun
spa move por
stp/nc hold
tri hold
tyr move mun
ukr support mos
war support ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army lon
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ven
ber move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bot support lvn
bre move mid
bur move bel
gre move ion
ion move nap
kie move ber
lon move hol via convoy
lvn support ber move pru
mid move eng
mun hold
nth convoy lon move hol
par move bur
pie support tyr move ven
pru move bal
rom move nap
ruh support mun
spa move por
stp/nc hold
tyr move mun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu support ven
bal move den
bel support bur
ber move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bot support lvn
bur support bel
con move bul
eng hold
gre move ion
hol support ruh
ion move tys
lvn hold
mid move bre
mos support ukr
nth hold
pie move tus
pru support ber move sil
ruh support mun
rum move bla
ser move bud
sev support mos
stp/nc hold
tri support adr move ven
tyr move mun
ukr support war
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army par
remove tus
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
apu support ven
bel support bur
boh support tyr
bot support lvn
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur support bel
den move nth
eng move mid
hol move ruh
ion support tys
lvn hold
mar support bur
mos support ukr
mun move boh
nth move eng
par move pic
por move spa
pru support sil
rom move nap
ruh move mun
sil support mun move boh
tri hold
tyr support boh
tys support ion
ukr support war
war support mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
apu support ven
bel support bur
bla move con
boh support tyr
bot support lvn
bur support bel
hol move ruh
ion support tys
lvn hold
mar move pie
mos support ukr
mun move boh
nap support apu
nth move hol
pic support bur
pru move war
ruh move mun
ser move bud
sil support mun move boh
spa move mar
stp/nc hold
tun move ion
tyr support boh
tys support ion
ukr support war
ven move tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
Turkey: army/dislodged boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
boh move vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
apu support ven
bel support bur
boh move gal
bot support lvn
bre support pic
bud support gal
bur move mar
con move aeg
eng hold
gal support vie
hol hold
ion hold
lvn hold
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support boh
nap move rom
pic move bur
pie move tyr
pru move war
ruh hold
sev move rum
sil support pru move war
stp/nc hold
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move rom
ukr support mos
ven support pie move tyr
war support ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
apu support ven
boh move vie
bot support lvn
bud support vie
bur move mar
gal support war
ion move tun
lvn hold
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos hold
mun support pie move tyr
nap move ion
pic move bur
pie move tyr
pru support sil move war
rum move gal
sil move war
tri move ven
tun support apu move ion
tyr support tri move ven
tys support ion move tun
ukr support mos
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
apu support ven
bel support bur
boh move gal
bot support lvn
bud support vie
bur support bel
con move bul
gal support vie
lvn hold
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move ber
naf move tun
nap move rom
pie move tus
pru move war
ruh move mun
rum support gal
sil support pru move war
smy move aeg
tri move ven
tun support aeg move ion
tyr support boh move vie
tys support tun
ukr support mos
ven support tyr
vie support tri
war support gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move ion
apu move ion
ber move pru
boh move vie
bot support pru move lvn
bud support vie
bul move ser
bur move mar
eng move nth
gal support war
ion move tys
lvn move bal
mun move boh
naf move tun
pie support ven
pru move lvn
rom move tys
rum support gal
sil move gal
stp/nc hold
tri support vie
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr support boh move vie
tys move gol
ukr support war
ven support tyr
vie support gal
war support mos
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bal move den
boh move gal
bot support lvn
bre move mid
bud support vie
gal support vie
ion move tys
lvn support pru move war
gol move mar
mar move spa
mos support war
mun support boh
pie move mar
pru move war
rom move tys
rum support gal
ser support tri
sil support pru move war
tri hold
tun support rom move tys
tus support ven
tyr move tri
ukr support mos
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
war support gal
wes hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
boh move gal
bot move bal
bud support vie
den move hel
gal support ukr move war
hol hold
ion move nap
lvn support war
gol move mar
mid move naf
mun move boh
nap support tun move ion
nth hold
pie move mar
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sil support war
spa support pie move mar
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tus support ven
tyr move tri
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri move tyr
war hold
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu support tys move nap
bal move den
boh move gal
hel convoy lon move kie
ion hold
lon move kie via convoy
lvn support war
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mun move boh
naf move tun
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move kie
sil support war
smy move aeg
spa move mar
tus move rom
tyr support ven
tys move nap
ven support tus move rom
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
apu support nap
boh move gal
bud move vie
gal support vie move boh
gre move ion
hel move nth
ion move apu
kie move ber
lvn support war
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mos hold
mun move boh
nap support apu
nth move eng
pie support ven
rom move nap
rum support gal
ser support tri
sil support war
tri hold
tun support ion
tyr support ven
tys support rom move nap
ukr support mos
ven support tyr
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ion move adr
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
ber move pru
boh hold
eng move mid
gal hold
hol move hel
ion move nap
lon move hol via convoy
lvn support war
gol move tys
mar move gol
mos hold
mun move boh
nap support adr move apu
nth convoy lon move hol
pie support ven
rum support gal
ser move tri
sil move gal
smy move aeg
tri move tyr
tun support tys move ion
tus move rom
tyr support mun move boh
tys move ion
ukr support mos
ven support tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ion move gre
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
den move nth
hel move hol
hol move ruh
ion hold
lvn support war
mid move wes
mun move boh
nap support rom move apu
nth move lon
pie support ven
pru support war
rom move apu
sil support mun move boh
tun support ion
tyr support mun move boh
tys support ion
ven support tyr
war hold
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
aeg support gre move ion
ank move arm
apu move alb via convoy
boh move gal
con move bul/sc
gal move war
gre move ion
ion support apu move alb
lvn move stp
nap move apu
pie move ven
pru move lvn
ruh move mun
sil support war
smy move eas
stp/nc move nwy
tri hold
tun support ion
tyr move tri
tys support ion
ukr support gal move war
ven support tyr move tri
vie hold
war hold
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
alb move ser
apu move alb via convoy
boh support sil move gal
hol support nth move bel
ion move nap
lon move eng
lvn support stp move mos
mun hold
nth move bel
nwy move nth
pie move tyr
sil move gal
stp move mos
tri support alb move ser
tun support ion
tys support ion
ven support tri
war move ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army con
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ser
bel move eng
boh move tyr
bul/sc move gre
bur support tyr move mun
con move bul
eas move ion
eng move mid
gal support mos move ukr
gre move alb
hol move nth
lvn move mos
gol move spa/sc
mos move ukr
mun support boh
nap hold
nth move hel
rum support con move bul
ser move bud
spa/sc hold
tri support ser move bud
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys move rom
ukr move sev
ven move pie
vie move bud
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud support tri move vie
bur support mun
eng move bre
gal move rum
hel move nth
kie support tyr move mun
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc
mos move sev
nap hold
nth move bel
pie move ven
ser move rum
spa/sc hold
tri move vie
tyr move mun
ukr support mos move sev
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Turkey: army/dislodged vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove bul/sc
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bel move eng
bre hold
bud support ser move rum
bur support mun
con move bul
edi move hol via convoy
gal hold
ion move alb
kie support tyr move mun
lvp move yor
gol support mar move spa
mid support spa/sc
mar move spa/sc
nap hold
nth convoy edi move hol
par move bre
rum support con move bul
ser move rum
sev hold
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc hold
tyr move mun
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm move ank
bre support lon move pic
bud support tyr move tri
bul move ser
bur support ruh move bel
eng convoy lon move pic
gal hold
hol support yor move bel
ion support rom move nap
kie support mun
lon move pic
gol support mar move spa
mid support spa/sc
mar move spa/sc
mun hold
nth convoy yor move bel
par move gas
rom move nap
ruh move bel
rum move bul
sev move rum
sil support mun
spa/sc hold
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr move tri
ukr support gal
vie support tyr move tri
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
England: fleet/dislodged nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nap move tys
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
