PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move gre
arm move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bot move swe
bul support apu move gre
bur support eng move bel
con support bul
eng move bel
hol move bel
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move nwy
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
spa move por
tyr move vie
ukr move sev
war move pru
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
apu move ven
arm move sev
ber support mun
boh move mun
bre move eng
bul support apu move gre
bur move bel
con support ank move bla
edi move nrg
hol support bur move bel
ion move gre
kie support hol
nth support nwy
par move pic
por move spa
rum support sev move bla
ser move bul
sev move bla
spa/sc move mid
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move bla
arm move sev
boh move vie
bud move vie
bul move gre
con support ank move bla
eng convoy pic move wal
hol move nth
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move iri
nth support lon
nrg support nwy
pic move wal
pru move war
rum support sev move bla
ser support alb move tri
sev move bla
spa move gas
tri hold
ukr move sev
ven support tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
remove ser
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel move wal
boh move mun
bud move vie
con support ank move bla
eng convoy bel move wal
gas move bur
gre move ser
hol move nth
iri move lvp
kie move hol
par move pic
rom move ven
rum move bul/ec
sev support ukr move rum
smy move aeg
stp hold
swe move ska
tri move ser
ukr move rum
ven move tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
arm move sev
bel hold
ber support mun
bla support arm move sev
boh move mun
bul/ec move bla
bur support bel
con support bla
den move kie
eng convoy pic move wal
gre move bul
hol move nth
kie move hol
lon move nwy
mun support ber
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
pic move wal
rom move ven
rum support sev
sev support bul/ec move bla
tri move ser
tun support nap move ion
ven move tri
vie hold
wal move yor
war move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar support nwy move stp
bel support bur move ruh
ber move sil
bla support arm move sev
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con support bla
den move swe
eng support wal move lon
ion move tun
kie move ruh
lvp move nat
nap move tys
nth move edi
nwy move stp
par move bur
rom move tus
ser support bul move rum
sev hold
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tun move wes
ukr support sev
ven move pie
vie move bud
wal move lon
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
rum move gal
stp move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bar support nwy
bel move hol
bla support arm move sev
bud support rum
bur move mar
con support bla
eng move mid
gal support ukr move rum
hol support nth move bel
kie support hol
mos support sev
mun support ruh move bur
nat move nrg
nth move edi
pie move mar
ruh support bel move hol
rum support arm move sev
ser support bud
sev hold
sil support mun
swe move den
tri move vie
tun move naf
tus move spa
tys convoy tus move spa
ukr move rum
wes convoy tus move spa
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove gal
remove mos
remove sev
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank move sev
arm support ank move sev
bar move nrg
bel move hol
bla convoy ank move sev
bud move ser
bur move mar
con move aeg
den hold
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie support mun move ruh
mid move por
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nth move edi
nrg support yor move edi
nwy move swe
pie move mar
ruh support bel move hol
rum move ukr
ser move alb
sil move mun
spa support pie move mar
stp move nwy
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie move bud
wes support naf move mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm support sev
bar move nrg
bel move bur
bla move con
bur move gas
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa move por
mar move gas
mun move bur
nth move edi
nrg support yor move edi
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh support hol move bel
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
spa move por
swe hold
tys move wes
wes move spa/sc
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
ukr disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Army smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar move nrg
con move aeg
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie move hol
gol support pie move mar
mid convoy por move bre
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth move edi
nwy move stp
pie move mar
por move bre
rom move tus
ruh support hol move bel
sev move mos
smy move arm
spa/sc move por
ukr move war
ven move tri
wes hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bel move nth
bre support spa move gas
hol move bel
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun move bur
por move spa/nc
ruh support hol move bel
sev move mos
spa move gas
tri move vie
tus move pie
tys move wes
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar support stp
bre support gas move par
con move bul
den move swe
gas move par
ion move tys
iri move lvp
lvn support mos move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move nat
mar support spa/nc move gas
mos move stp
nth move nwy
pie move gol
sev move ukr
spa/nc move gas
ven move pie
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm move sev
bar support swe move nwy
bre move pic
bud move vie
bul move rum
den move swe
lvn move pru
gol move spa/sc
mid move eng
mar support par move bur
mos move lvn
nat move nrg
nwy support den move swe
par move bur
ser move bud
spa/sc move mid
swe move nwy
tys move wes
ukr move mos
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bar support lvp move nrg
ber support mun
bud move vie
bur move par
edi move nrg
eng move nth
gas move bre
kie support ber
lvn support mos move stp
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support ber
nrg move nwy
nwy move fin
pic support mar move bur
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh support bel
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil support pru move ber
ska move nwy
spa/sc move por
swe support ska move nwy
tyr move mun
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel support kie move hol
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre support par move pic
bur support tyr move mun
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move sil
kie move hol
lvn support mos move stp
lvp support pic move wal
mid move nat
mar support bur
mos move stp
mun support ber
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
nwy support swe
par move pic
pic move wal
por move mid
pru move ber
ruh support bel
sil support pru move ber
stp move nwy
swe support nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
ven support tri move tyr
vie support boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
edi move cly
mun move kie
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army rom
build Army smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move kie
boh move mun
bur move bel
con move bul
edi support nat move nrg
eng support wal move lon
gal move sil
lvn move pru
mid move iri
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nat move nrg
nth support stp move nwy
pic support bur move bel
rom move ven
sil move ber
smy move con
stp move nwy
ven move pie
wal move lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
France: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
France: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel support pic move bur
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre move pic
bul move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
eng support bel
gal move sil
gas move par
iri move nat
mun support ber move kie
nth move den
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pic move bur
pie move mar
pru hold
sil move ber
stp move fin
tyr hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove hol
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move sev
ber support sil
bul move rum
con move bul
den move ska
fin move swe
kie support nth move hol
nth move hol
nrg move nth
nwy support fin move swe
pru move war
rum move gal
sil hold
smy move aeg
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support sil
bul move ser
con move bul
den move bal
gal support rum move bud
hol hold
kie support hol
nth convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi
rum move bud
sev move mos
sil move boh
war support gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: army edi
Turkey: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
