PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
kie support ruh move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nap move tun via convoy
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
ruh move hol
ser support alb move gre
tri support ser
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
war move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Army edi
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar move stp/nc
bel support edi move hol
ber move bal
bla support rum
bot move stp/sc
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul support rum
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move hol via convoy
gal move ukr
gre move aeg
hol hold
ion move tun
kie support hol
mar move bur
mos support sev
mun hold
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy support bar move stp
par move pic
por move spa/sc
rum support bul
ser move gre
spa move mar
tri support vie
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move smy
bal move den
bel support bur move ruh
bla support rum
bot move stp/sc
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur move ruh
con support bul
edi move den via convoy
gre move bul/sc
hol hold
kie support hol
mid move por
mar move bur
mos support bot move stp
mun move bur
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move swe
pic support mar move bur
rom move ven
rum support bul
ser support bud move rum
sev hold
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tyr move mun
ukr support sev
vie hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal move den
bar move stp/nc
bel support edi move hol
ber support mun
bla support bul
bud move rum
bul support rum move ser
bur support tyr move mun
con move aeg
edi move hol via convoy
gre support ser move bul
hol move ruh
kie support hol move ruh
mos support sev
mun support hol move ruh
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy support bar move stp
ruh move kie
rum move ser
ser move bul
sev support ukr move rum
smy move con
swe support bal move den
tun move wes
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
stp/sc move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ser move gre
alb move ser
bel support pic move bur
ber move mun
bla move sev
bot move stp/sc
bud support alb move ser
bul support ser move gre
bur move gas
con support bul
den move nth
gre move aeg
hol support bel
kie support ruh move hol
mos support bot move stp
mun move bur
nth support hol
nwy support stp/nc
pic move bur
pie move tyr
por move spa/sc
ruh move hol
rum support sev
ser move gre
sev support rum
spa/sc move mar
stp/nc support nwy
swe move nwy
tri support alb move ser
tyr move boh
tys move ion
vie hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army par
remove tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bar support nwy
bel support nth move hol
ber move mun
bla support con move bul
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move hel
edi move nth
gas move mar
gre support bul move ser
hol support mun move ruh
ion move eas
kie support hol
mar move gol
mos support stp/sc
mun move ruh
nth move hol
nwy hold
par move bur
rum support sev
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum
spa/sc move wes
swe move ska
tys move ion
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move gre
bar move nwy
bel support bur move ruh
ber move mun
bla support bul
boh move vie
bud move vie
bul support gre
bur move ruh
con move smy
eas move ion
edi move nth
gre support bul
hel support hol
hol support mun move ruh
ion move tun
kie move den
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support stp/sc
mun move ruh
nth move den
nwy move swe
par move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
ska move swe
tri support ser
tyr support boh move vie
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet rom
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bla move bul
bar support nth move nwy
bel support bur move ruh
ber move mun
bla move bul/ec
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move ruh
edi move nth
gre support bul move ser
hel move nth
hol support mun move ruh
ion move tun
kie move den
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nth move nwy
nwy move fin
par move bur
pie move ven
rom move tys
rum support war move gal
ser move bul
sev support rum
ska support hel move nth
stp/sc move bot
tri support bud move vie
tyr support vie move tri
tys move tun
vie move tri
war move gal
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move bud
tri move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move tri
bar support fin move stp
bel support bur move ruh
ber move mun
bot support stp
bud move ser
bur move ruh
den move swe
edi move nth
fin move stp
gal move ukr
gre support ser
hol move bel
mun move ruh
nth move lon
nwy move swe
par move bur
rum support sev
ser support tri
sev support rum
ska move nwy
stp support ska move nwy
tun hold
ven support alb move tri
vie support alb move tri
wes support tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove eas
build Army kie
build Army mar
remove nth
remove tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bar support nwy
bel support bur move ruh
ber move kie
bot move fin
bre move eng
bud support tri move ser
bul/ec move bla
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move swe
fin move swe
gre move alb
hol support kie move ruh
ion move tys
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mar move bur
mun support kie move ruh
nwy support fin move swe
par move pic
ser support gre move alb
ska move nth
smy move gre via convoy
stp support bot move fin
tri move ser
ven move rom
vie move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre move ser
bar support nwy move stp
bel hold
bla move rum
bre move eng
bud support ser
bul support gre move ser
bur hold
den move swe
fin move bot
gre move ser
hol support ruh move bel
ion support tys move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
mar support bur
mun move bur
nth support stp move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pic support bel
rom move nap
ruh move bel
rum support ukr move gal
ser hold
sev support rum
swe move fin
tun hold
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ukr move gal
wes support tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove lvn
build Army lvp
build Army par
remove tys
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser
ank move arm
bar move nwy
bel move ruh
bla support bul move rum
bot move fin
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur support bel move ruh
den move nwy via convoy
fin support bar move nwy
gal move bud
gre hold
hol move bel
ion move nap
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mar move pie
mun support ruh
nap move rom
nth convoy den move nwy
par support bur
pic move bel
ruh support hol move bel
rum support gal move bud
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
stp/nc hold
swe support bot move fin
tri support bud move ser
tun support wes move tys
vie support tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser
arm move sev
bar move nwy
bel support mun move bur
bla support arm move sev
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur hold
den move nwy via convoy
edi hold
fin move bot
gre move ion
lon move eng
mun move bur
nap move apu
nth convoy den move nwy
par support bur
pic support bur
pie move tyr
rom support tys move nap
ruh support bel
ser support bul move rum
stp/nc support bar move nwy
swe support den move nwy
tri support bud move ser
tun move naf
tys move nap
vie move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove apu
build Army ber
remove gal
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser
ank move arm
bar move nrg
bel support ruh
ber support mun
bla support bul move rum
bot move stp/sc
bre move eng
bud move ser
bur move bel
den move nwy via convoy
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move gol
mun support ruh
naf move tun
nap hold
nth convoy den move nwy
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
rom move ven
ruh support bel
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev support bul move rum
stp/nc move nwy
swe support den move nwy
tri support bud move ser
tyr move mun
ukr support rum move sev
vie move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser
arm move sev
bel support ruh
ber support mun
bla support arm move sev
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move mar
gal move war
ion hold
lon move eng
gol move tys
mos support arm move sev
mun support ruh
nap support tun move ion
nth move eng
nrg support stp/nc move nwy
nwy support bot move stp
par move bur
pic support par move bur
ruh support bel
ser support bul move rum
stp/nc move nwy
swe support nwy
tri support bud move ser
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ven support tri
wal support bre move eng
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move gre
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet smy
remove ukr
remove wal
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bel move yor via convoy
ber move pru
bla move con
bre move mid
bur hold
con move aeg
gre support con move aeg
ion move adr
kie move mun
lon support bel move yor
mid move wes
mar support bur
mos support sev move ukr
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth convoy bel move yor
nrg support stp/nc move nwy
nwy hold
pic support bur
ruh move hol
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move ukr
smy move eas
stp/nc move nwy
swe support nwy
tys support nap move ion
ven move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ion move alb
aeg move ion
alb support tri
bud move rum
bur move mar
con move aeg
eas support aeg move ion
edi move lvp
gal move vie
gre support aeg move ion
hol move ruh
ion move alb
lon move wal
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move ruh
nth support nwy
nrg move edi
nwy support swe move fin
pic hold
pru move lvn
ser move rum
sil support war
stp/nc move nwy
swe move fin
tri move bud
tys move nap
ukr support mos move war
ven support tri
war support pru move lvn
wes move tys
yor move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support eas move ion
alb support nap move ion
ank move arm
bud support ukr move gal
con move bul
eas move ion
fin move stp
gre support ion move alb
hol hold
ion move alb
lvn move mos
lvp move edi
mar move pie
mos support stp/nc
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth move nrg
nrg move nwy
nwy support fin move stp
pic move bel
pie move tyr
ser support bud
sil support war
stp/nc support nrg move nwy
tri move vie
tys support wes move tun
ven move tri
vie move gal
wal move lvp
war support lvn move mos
wes move tun
yor support wal move lvp
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
France: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
France: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move alb
aeg support ion
alb move adr
bel hold
boh move mun
bul move rum
edi move lvp
fin move stp
gal support vie move bud
gre support ion
hol hold
lvp hold
mos support fin move stp
nap support tys move ion
nth support yor move edi
nrg move nth
nwy support fin move stp
pie move ven
ser support bud
sev support ukr move mos
sil move mun
stp/nc move nwy
tri move alb
tun support tys move ion
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr move mos
vie move bud
war support mos
yor move edi
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
France: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
stp/nc disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
remove edi
build Army kie
build Army mar
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support alb
aeg move ion
alb hold
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move pru
boh support gal
bre move mid
bud support rum move gal
gal support vie move bud
gre support ion move alb
hol hold
ion move alb
kie move ber
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mos hold
nap support tun move ion
nth support yor move edi
nrg move nat
nwy hold
rum move gal
ser support ion move alb
sev move mos
sil support ber move pru
stp support mos
tri move ser
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ukr support rum move gal
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move ukr
yor move edi
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
aeg move ion
alb move ser
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move sil
boh support tyr move vie
bud support rum move gal
eas support aeg move ion
edi move lvp
gal move rum
gre move alb
hol hold
ion move gre
iri move lvp
mid move wes
mos support sil move war
nat move lvp
nap move ion
nth move edi
nwy hold
pie move ven
pru support sil move war
rum support ukr move gal
ser support bud
sev move ukr
sil move war
stp support mos
tri support alb move ser
tyr move vie
tys support nap move ion
ukr move gal
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move bul
war move lvn
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
remove gal
build Army kie
remove lvn
build Fleet mar
remove nat
build Army par
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move alb
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
bel move pic
ber hold
boh move gal
bre move mid
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
eas move ion
edi move yor
gre support ion move aeg
hol move bel
ion move aeg
iri move nat
kie hold
mar move gol
mos support war move ukr
nth hold
nwy hold
par move gas
pru move war
rum support bul move ser
ser move bul
sil support boh move gal
stp move lvn
tri move alb
tys move ion
ven move tyr
vie support boh move gal
war move ukr
wes hold
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
France: army/dislodged ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
ser move tri
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tys move ion
aeg move bul/sc
alb support tri move ser
bel hold
ber move mun
bud move tri
eas move aeg
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
ion move gre
kie move hol
lvn move war
gol convoy gas move pie
mid convoy gas move pie
mos support ukr move sev
nat hold
nth hold
nwy hold
pic hold
rum support sev
ser support bud move tri
sev support rum
sil move mun
tri move ser
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr move sev
vie move bud
war move ukr
wes convoy gas move pie
yor move wal
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support eas move ion
alb move ser
bel hold
ber move sil
bud move ser
con move bul
eas move ion
gal support vie move bud
gas hold
gre support ser move bul
hol move lon via convoy
ion move aeg
kie move hol
gol move tys
mid move wes
mos move sev
mun hold
nat hold
nth convoy hol move lon
nwy hold
pic hold
rum support con move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil move war
smy support aeg
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr move rum
vie move bud
wal move lvp
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
France: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move nap
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
France: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support ion move gre
alb support gre
arm move ank
bel hold
bud support gal move rum
bul move con
con support rum move bul
gal move rum
gas move par
gre hold
hol hold
ion move gre
lon hold
lvp hold
gol move tys
mos hold
mun hold
nat hold
nap hold
nth hold
nwy hold
pic move par
rum move bul
sev support gal move rum
sil hold
smy move eas
tri move ser
tun hold
tys move ion
ukr support gal move rum
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
remove con
remove eas
build Army kie
build Army mar
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
alb support gre
ank move smy
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul support ion move gre
gas move mar
gre hold
hol hold
ion move gre
kie hold
lon hold
lvp hold
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos hold
mun hold
nat hold
nap support tys move ion
nth hold
nwy hold
pic move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil hold
tri hold
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ukr support rum
war hold
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Germany: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
France: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
ion move adr
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Germany: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
France: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move bul/sc
con support aeg move bul
hol hold
kie hold
lon hold
lvp hold
mos move sev
mun move sil
nat hold
nth hold
nwy hold
pru hold
ruh move mun
rum hold
sev move arm
sil move war
smy hold
ukr support rum
war move mos
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: army alb
Germany: supply ank
Germany: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove con
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: army alb
Germany: supply ank
Germany: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move ser
arm move ank
bel hold
bul/sc move aeg
gas move naf
gre support ser move bul
ion move aeg
mid convoy gas move naf
mar move pie
nap move apu
pie move tus
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
smy support arm move ank
tri hold
tun move ion
tys move nap
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
France: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Germany: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bul/sc move con
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
France: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Germany: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank support bul move con
apu support pie move ven
bel hold
bul move con
gre support ser move bul
ion move aeg
mid move wes
mos move sev
nap move ion
pie move ven
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy support bul move con
tri support pie move ven
tus support pie move ven
ukr support rum
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
France: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Germany: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Germany: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
