PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom hold
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
den move swe
ion move tun
kie move hol
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
rom support ven
ruh move mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
tri hold
ukr move sev
ven hold
war move ukr
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar support nwy move stp
bel move nth
ber move sil
bla support rum move bul
bot support mos move stp
bre move eng
bud move rum
con move smy
den support bel move nth
ion move gre
kie move ber
lon move eng
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth support hol move bel
nwy move stp
par move pic
rom hold
rum move bul
ser move bul
smy move aeg
spa move por
tri hold
tun hold
ukr support sev
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move edi
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bar move nrg
ber move pru
bla move bul/ec
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul move gre
bur move bel
den support nth
edi move nth
gre hold
hol move yor via convoy
ion move adr
lon support edi move nth
mos move lvn
nth convoy hol move yor
nwy support bot move swe
rom support ven
rum hold
ser support gre
sev support rum
sil move war
smy move con
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support tri move ven
ukr move war
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg convoy con move gre
bel move wal via convoy
bla move rum
bud move rum
bul move ser
con move gre via convoy
den support nth
edi move nth
eng move lon
gre support rum move bul
ion support con move gre
lon support edi move nth
lvn support war move pru
nth support eng move lon
nrg convoy nwy move cly
nwy move cly via convoy
pic move lon via convoy
pru support sil move war
rom move ven
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support rum
sil move war
swe move den
tri hold
tyr support tri
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie support tri
war move pru
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army/dislodged pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bul move con
gre move alb
pru move ber
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support con move bul
alb move gre
bel move bur
ber move pru
bla support con move bul
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support alb move gre
cly move lvp
con move bul
den move swe
edi support lon move yor
eng support nth move lon
gre support con move bul
ion support gre
lon move yor
lvn support pru
nth move lon
nrg move nwy
pic move par
por move spa
pru support ukr move war
rom support ven
ser support alb move gre
sev support bud move rum
sil move war
swe move den
tri hold
tyr support tri
ukr move war
ven hold
vie move bud
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army/dislodged yor
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
yor move wal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove nwy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support gre
ber move pru
bla move rum
bre move mid
bul support bla move rum
bur move mar
cly move lvp
con support bul
edi support yor move nth
eng support lon move nth
gre support ion move alb
ion move alb
lon move nth
lvn support pru move war
mid move iri
par move bur
pru move war
rom move ven
ser move gre
sev move arm
sil support ber move pru
spa move gas
swe move den
tyr move boh
ukr move sev
ven move tri
wal move lvp
yor move nth
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
rum move gal
tri move vie
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move smy
arm move smy
boh move sil
bud move gal
bul move ser
cly move lvp
con move ank
den move swe
edi move nth
eng move nth
gal move ukr
gas move mar
gre support ion move alb
ion move alb
iri support wal move lvp
lon support eng move nth
lvn support war
mid move wes
mar move pie
pru support sil move war
ser move bud
sev support bud move rum
sil move war
swe move den
tri support ion move alb
ven support tri
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
war support gal
yor support edi move nth
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove cly
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Army rom
build Army smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support ven
alb move tri
ank move arm
arm move sev
boh move gal
bud move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
den support kie move bal
edi move nrg
eng support lon move nth
gre move ser
iri move nat
kie move bal
lon move nth
lvn support war
lvp move edi
mar move pie
pie move tus
pru move war
rom support ven
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev move ukr
sil support pru move war
smy support ank move arm
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tyr move vie
ven support pie move tyr
war hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army/dislodged arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg convoy smy move bul
alb move ion
arm move sev
bal move swe
bul move rum
den support bal move swe
eng move lon
gal support sil move war
gre support ser
lvn move stp
lvp move edi
nrg move edi
nwy hold
pru support sil move war
rom move tus
rum move bla
ser support bul move rum
sil move war
smy move bul
tri support ven
ukr move sev
ven support rom move tus
war move lvn
wes move tun
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bul move rum
den move swe
eng move mid
gal move ukr
gre support ser
ion move tys
kie move den
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mun move sil
nat move nrg
nth support lvp move edi
nrg move cly
pru move lvn
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
swe move bot
tri hold
tun move tys
tus move pie
ven support tus move pie
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
pie move mar
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bla support rum
bot support lvn move stp
bud support tri move vie
cly support nrg move edi
den move hel
edi move lvp
gal move war
gre move bul
ion move tun
lvn move stp
mid move wes
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
pie move mar
ser support bud
sev support war move mos
sil move mun
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tun move tys
ven move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move mun
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul move rum
cly move edi
con move aeg
gre move ion
hel move nth
kie move hol
lvp support nrg move edi
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap support rom move tys
nrg move edi
par move gas
pie hold
rom move tys
rum move gal
ser support bud
smy move eas
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun hold
tys move tun
vie support tri
war move ukr
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
France: fleet/dislodged nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move ska
tun move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bla hold
bud support gal move vie
bur move bel
cly move edi
eas move ion
gal move vie
gas move bur
hol move bel
ion move adr
lvp support cly move edi
mid move eng
mos move ukr
mun move bur
naf move mid
nap hold
nth move lon
nwy move swe
pie move ven
ruh support hol move bel
rum support bud
ser move tri
sev hold
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri hold
tys move tun
vie support tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
France: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
edi move nth
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army kie
remove tri
remove tun
remove tyr
remove wes
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
bel move pic
ber move mun
bla convoy con move rum
bud support rum move gal
bur move bel
con move rum via convoy
den support swe move ska
edi support nth
eng support bur move bel
gas move bur
ion move apu
kie move hol
lon hold
lvp move yor
mid move por
mar support gas move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap hold
nth support bur move bel
nwy hold
ruh support mun move bur
rum move gal
ser move tri
swe move ska
tys move tun
ven hold
vie support ser move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
apu move nap
bel support nth move hol
ber move sil
bud move tri
den support ska move nth
edi support ska move nth
eng move pic
gas move bre
hol support ruh move bel
ion support apu move nap
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap hold
nth move hol
nwy hold
pic move bre
por hold
ruh move bel
ska move nth
tri move ven
tun move ion
ven hold
war move ukr
yor support lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
nth move hel
ven move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu support ion move nap
bel move hol
bla convoy con move rum
con move rum via convoy
den move kie
edi hold
eng move pic
gal support vie move boh
gas move bre
hel support bel move hol
hol move bel
ion move nap
lon move eng
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move apu
nth support yor move edi
nwy move stp
pic support hol move bel
por move spa/sc
ruh support mun move bur
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil move mun
smy move aeg
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tus move rom
ven support tri move tyr
vie move boh
war move ukr
yor move edi
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
edi move nrg
nap move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support adr move ion
apu move nap
bre move pic
bur move bel
edi hold
eng move bel
gal support ukr move war
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
kie support ruh move hol
lon move eng
mar move bur
mos support war move ukr
mun move bur
nap move rom
nth support lon move eng
nrg move nwy
pic support bur move bel
por move spa/sc
rom move apu
ruh move hol
rum move ukr
sev move mos
stp move lvn
tun move ion
tys move nap
ukr move war
ven support nap move rom
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
eng move wal
kie move ber
rom move tus
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove pic
build Army smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu move nap
ber move kie
bla convoy con move sev
boh hold
bur support spa/sc move mar
con move sev
edi move lvp
eng move bel
gal support war
hel move den
hol support ber move kie
ion support apu move nap
lvn move war
mos support lvn move war
mun support sil
nth move hel
nwy move nrg
rom support apu move nap
sev move mos
sil support mun
smy move con
spa/sc move mar
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support boh
tys move nap
ukr support sev move mos
ven support rom
wal move lvp
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army/dislodged kie
Germany: fleet kie
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ruh
mos move stp
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
bel support hel move nth
bla convoy con move rum
boh support gal move sil
bre move par
bur support mun
con move rum via convoy
den move swe
edi move lvp
gal move sil
hel move nth
hol support kie
ion move nap
kie hold
lvn support sil move war
mar hold
mos hold
nrg move nwy
rom support ion move nap
ruh move kie
sev support mos
sil move war
stp move mos
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support boh
tys move nap
ukr support war
ven support rom
wal move lon
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
sil move ber
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove kie
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move adr
bel move eng
ber move sil
boh support sil
bur move par
hol move kie
lvn support stp
lvp move yor
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun support ber move sil
nap support aeg move ion
nth support bel move eng
nwy move swe
rom hold
ruh move kie
rum move gal
sev support mos
sil support war move pru
smy move aeg
stp support lvn
swe move den
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr move pie
tys move rom
ukr move war
ven support rom
war move pru
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg convoy con move apu
ber support lvn move pru
boh move mun
bur move bel
con move apu via convoy
eng support yor move lon
gal move boh
hol support mun move kie
ion convoy con move apu
lon move wal
lvn move pru
mar hold
mos support war move lvn
mun move kie
nap move tys
nth move den
par move bur
pru support sil move ber
rom support nap move tys
ruh move bel
sev support mos
sil move ber
stp move mos
swe support nth move den
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support boh move mun
tys move nap
ven support rom
war move lvn
yor move lon
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
France: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove ruh
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ber move mun
bur support ber move mun
den move bal
eng move bre
hol move ruh
kie support ber move mun
lon move yor
lvn move mos
mar move gol
stp support lvn move mos
swe move bot
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys move nap
wal move lvp
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu move rom
bal support kie move ber
bla convoy con move rum
boh move mun
bot move lvn
bre hold
bur support mun
con move rum via convoy
ion support rom move tys
kie move ber
gol move tys
mos support stp
mun support kie move ber
nap support rom move tys
par move pic
pru support sil move ber
rom move tys
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil move ber
stp support mos
tun support gol move tys
tus support tys move rom
tyr support boh move mun
tys move rom
ven support apu move rom
war support sev move mos
yor move lvp
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
tys move wes
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bal convoy kie move pru
ber support mun move sil
boh move mun
bre move eng
bur move par
ion support tys
kie move pru via convoy
lvn support kie move pru
gol support wes move tys
mos move war
mun move sil
nap support tys
pic move par
pru support sil
rom move tus
ruh move bel
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil support boh move mun
stp support mos
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr support boh move mun
tys support rom move tus
ven support rom move tus
war support pru
wes move tys
yor move edi
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Italy: army/dislodged tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move boh
tus move pie
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
bal move kie
bel support bur move ruh
ber move kie
boh move sil
bur move ruh
edi move lvp
eng move bre
ion move nap
lvn move bot
gol support wes move tys
mos move war
mun support boh move sil
nap move rom
pic move par
pie move ven
pru support mos move war
sev move mos
sil move gal
stp move lvn
tun move ion
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys move tus
ukr move gal
ven support tus move pie
war support boh move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
pie move mar
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army smy
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
ank move sev
bal move ber
bel move bur
ber move mun
bla convoy ank move sev
bot move stp/sc
con move bul
edi move lvp
ion support nap move tys
kie support ber move mun
lvn support pru move war
lvp move wal
gol move tus
mar move pie
mos support bot move stp
nap move tys
par move gas
pru move war
rom support nap move tys
ruh support ber move mun
sil move gal
smy move con
tun move ion
tus support pie
tys move nap
ukr support mos
ven support tus
war move gal
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Turkey: army/dislodged mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
tys move wes
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bul move rum
bur move par
con move bul
gas move par
ion move tys
kie move mun
lvn support war
lvp hold
gol move pie
mar move gas
mos support war move lvn
mun move sil
pru support mun move sil
rom support ion move tys
ruh support kie move mun
sev support mos
sil support pru move ber
stp/sc hold
tun move ion
tus support tys move gol
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move gal
ven support pie
wal move lon
war support mun move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gol move wes
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ber
build Fleet con
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bla move con
boh support gal
bul move rum
bur support mar
con move aeg
eng move nth
gal support rum move ukr
gas move bre
kie move mun
lon move nth
lvn move stp
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos support rum move ukr
pie support gas move mar
pru move sil
rom support tys
ruh support kie move mun
rum move ukr
sev support mos
sil move gal
spa/sc move gol
stp/sc move bot
tun move ion
tus support gol
tyr move mun
tys support adr move ion
ven move tyr
war support sil move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
boh support gal move sil
bot move swe
bur move par
con move aeg
eng move nth
gal move sil
lon move nth
gol move wes
mar hold
mos support ukr move war
mun support sil
pie move mar
pru support war
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sev support mos
sil support war
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tun move ion
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys support gol move wes
ukr move war
ven move tyr
war support stp move mos
wes support spa/sc move gol
yor move lon
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
sil disband
wes move mid
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army ber
build Army kie
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber move sil
boh support sil move mun
eng move nth
ion move tun
kie support mun
lon move nth
mid hold
mar hold
mun support ber move sil
par move bre
pie move mar
pru support ber move sil
ruh support mun
rum move gal
sev support mos
sil move mun
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tun move tys
tus move gol
tyr support sil move mun
tys support ion move tun
ukr support rum move gal
ven move pie
war support ber move sil
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
boh support gal
eng move mid
gal support boh
ion move tun
kie move mun
lon move nth
gol move mar
mid move bre
mar move pie
mun move boh
naf move wes
nap move tys
nwy move nth
par support mid move bre
pie support gol move mar
pru support war
ruh support kie move mun
sev support mos
sil support mun move boh
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tun move naf
tyr support boh
tys move gol
ukr support gal
war support sil
wes move spa/sc
yor move lon
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army/dislodged bre
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Turkey: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bre move pic
mar move gas
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Army con
remove naf
remove pic
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move bal
bre move mid
con move bul
gas move mar
kie move mun
mid move wes
mun move boh
par move bur
pru support war
ruh support kie move mun
sil support mun move boh
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
war support stp move mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Turkey: army/dislodged boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
boh move vie
mos move lvn
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bal move swe
boh move gal
bre move eng
bur support gas move mar
gas move mar
mid move wes
mos support nwy move stp
mun move boh
nwy move stp/nc
pru move lvn
ruh move mun
sil support boh move gal
spa/sc support gas move mar
war support pru move lvn
yor move lon
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Turkey: fleet/dislodged mar
Turkey: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
