PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
eng move bre
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
mid move por
nth move nwy
pie hold
ruh move bel
rum move bla
ser support alb move gre
spa move mar
tys move tun
ukr move rum
war move ukr
yor move wal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move bur
ber move sil
bla support sev move arm
bre move mid
bud hold
bul hold
bur move mar
con support bul
den move kie
edi move nth
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
kie move hel
lon move eng
mun support bel move bur
par move bre
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move tys
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa move gas
tri move ser
tun move wes
ukr support rum
ven move pie
vie move tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support con
arm support bla move ank
bel hold
bla move ank
bre support lon move pic
bud support ser
bul move con
bur move bel
con support ank
eng convoy lon move pic
gas move bre
gre move aeg
hel move den
kie move hol
lon move pic via convoy
mun move tyr
nth support nwy
nwy hold
par support gas move bre
pie move mar
por move mid
ser support bud
sil move war
stp move lvn
swe move den
tri move vie
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven move pie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army rom
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
arm support aeg move smy
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move ruh
con support smy
eng support pic move bel
hel move den
hol move kie
lvn support war move pru
gol move wes
mid move por
mar move bur
nth support pic move bel
nwy move ska
par support bre move pic
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rom support ven
ser support bud move rum
sil move pru
smy support con
spa/sc move por
swe move den
tri hold
tyr move mun
ukr move war
ven support pie move tyr
vie move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
rum move sev
smy disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support nth move hol
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move mun
con hold
eng support bel
hel move den
hol support ruh move bel
kie support hel move den
lvn move war
mid move por
mun move bur
nth move hol
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
pru support lvn move war
rom move ven
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support tri
sev move ukr
sil move ber
ska support swe move den
smy support bul move con
spa/sc move por
swe move den
tri hold
tyr support bur move mun
ven move pie
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Army rom
remove ruh
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support nth move hol
bud support rum move gal
bur move mar
con move bul
eng support bel
lon move nth
mid move por
mun move kie
nth move hol
par move gas
pie move mar
pru move war
rom move ven
rum move gal
ser move rum
sev move rum
ska move den
smy move aeg
spa/sc support wes move mid
swe move den
tri move adr
tyr move boh
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
vie support rum move gal
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support bul move con
bel support hol
boh move sil
bud support gal move rum
bul move con
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
eng move bre
gal move rum
gas support bur move mar
hol support mun move kie
mid support spa/sc
mun move kie
nth support ska move den
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru support war
rum support con move bul
ser support gal move rum
ska move den
spa/sc support pie move mar
swe move den
tyr move boh
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move smy
kie move ruh
rum move bul
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove hel
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
remove ruh
build Army sev
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
bel move pic
boh move mun
bre move eng
bud support vie move gal
bul support smy move con
con move smy
den move bal
edi move nrg
gas support por move spa
hol hold
ion hold
kie support sil move ber
lon move bel
lvp move iri
mid support spa/sc move por
mos move sev
nth move nwy
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru move war
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
sil move ber
smy move con
spa/sc move por
tyr move pie
ukr support mos move sev
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Russia: fleet/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move gre
smy move syr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy
arm support syr move smy
bal move swe
bud support gal move rum
bul support ser move gre
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move rum
gas move par
gre move bul
hol move nth
ion move eas
kie move mun
lon move bre via convoy
mid support spa/sc move por
mar support por move spa
mun move bur
nrg move bar
nwy support bal move swe
pic move par
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru move lvn
sev move rum
smy hold
spa/sc move por
syr move smy
tyr move boh
ukr support sev move rum
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move den
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
remove syr
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move smy
bar move stp/nc
ber move pru
boh move sil
bre move par
bud move rum
bul hold
bur move mar
den move hel
eas move aeg
eng move bre
gal support bud move rum
gas move bur
gre move alb
lvn move stp
mid move gas
mar support gas move bur
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth support swe move den
nwy support bar move stp
pic support bre move par
pie support bur move mar
por move spa/nc
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
smy support aeg move con
swe move den
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
arm move smy
bre support iri move mid
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur move par
con move ank
gal move ukr
gas support spa/nc move mid
hel move hol
ion support aeg move gre
iri move mid
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
mar support gas
nth move hol
nwy support stp/nc
par hold
pic move bel
pie move tyr
pru move war
rum support gal move ukr
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil support pru move war
smy support con move ank
spa/nc move mid
stp/nc hold
tyr move mun
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
remove bur
build Fleet edi
remove hel
build Army lon
remove lvn
build Fleet lvp
remove mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank move con
bel support lon move hol
bre support iri move mid
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
edi move nrg
gal support rum move ukr
gas support spa/nc move mid
gre support ser move alb
ion move adr
iri move mid
kie move ber
lon move hol via convoy
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move hol
par move bur
rum move ukr
ser move alb
sev move mos
sil support war
smy move arm
spa/nc move mid
tyr move vie
ukr move mos
ven hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb support tri
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber move sil
boh support vie
bre support iri move mid
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move aeg
gal move war
gas move spa/nc
gre move ion
ion move alb
iri move mid
lvp move iri
nth move nrg
nrg move nat
pie move tyr
rum support arm move sev
sev move mos
sil move gal
spa/nc move por
stp/nc move bar
tri hold
ukr support gal move war
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Italy: army/dislodged war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support gre move ion
alb move tri
bar convoy edi move stp
boh support gal
bre move mid
bud support alb move tri
edi move stp via convoy
gal support vie move bud
gre move ion
ion support tri move alb
mid move wes
mos move stp
mun move sil
nrg convoy edi move stp
nwy support edi move stp
por move spa/sc
pru move lvn
ruh move mun
rum move gal
ser support alb move tri
sev move mos
sil move pru
spa/nc move por
tri move alb
tyr move tri
ukr support rum move gal
vie move bud
war support rum move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support gre move ion
boh move gal
bud support tri move vie
den move bal
gal support tri move vie
gre move ion
hol move ruh
ion move alb
iri move mid
lvn support pru move war
mid move wes
mos move sev
nwy move swe
por move spa/sc
pru move war
ser move tri
sev move mos
sil support pru move war
spa/nc move gas
stp move mos
tri move vie
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tys move ion
aeg move gre
alb support tys move ion
bal move den
boh move vie
bud support vie move tri
gal support ukr move war
gas move spa/nc
ion support aeg move gre
lvn support stp move mos
mid move naf
mos support ukr move war
nat move mid
rom move tus
ser support vie move tri
sil support war
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
tri support boh move vie
tyr support boh move vie
tys move ion
ukr move war
ven support tri
vie move tri
war support stp move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move tun
mos move sev
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb support ven move tri
bar move stp/nc
bud move vie
den move nth
gal support bud move vie
gre move aeg
ion hold
lvn support mos
mid move wes
mos support war
mun move boh
naf support wes move tun
nrg move nat
ruh move mun
ser move gre
sev move mos
sil move gal
spa/nc move por
swe hold
tri support bud move vie
tun hold
tyr support vie
tys support ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move rum
tri move ser
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support tun move ion
alb support ven move tri
bud support ukr move gal
gal support war move ukr
gre move alb
ion hold
lvn support mos
mos hold
mun move sil
naf support wes move tun
por move spa/sc
rum support bud
ser support bud
sev move mos
tun move ion
tus move ven
tys support ion
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
war move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move ion
alb move gre
boh support sil move gal
gal support rum move ukr
gre support ser
ion move eas
mos support ukr
rum move ukr
ser support bud
sev support rum move ukr
sil move gal
spa/sc move gol
tri move bud
tun support tys move ion
tus move ven
tyr support vie
tys move ion
ukr support sil move gal
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move smy
alb move gre
bud hold
eas move aeg
gal support vie move bud
gre move alb
ion support alb move gre
gol move tys
rum move gal
ser support bud
sev move ukr
tri move ser
tus move ven
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
gre move bul
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
aeg move bul/sc
boh support vie
bud support rum move gal
bul move con
gal move rum
gre support aeg move bul
ion move aeg
mos support ukr move sev
rum move gal
ser support bud
sev move mos
smy move con
tri move ser
tus move ven
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven move alb via convoy
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army/dislodged gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bul move rum
gal move ukr
sev move arm
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move con
alb support tri move ser
arm move sev
boh move gal
bud move gal
bul/sc support aeg move con
gal move sil
ion move eas
lon move bel
lvp move iri
mos support sev
naf move wes
nap move ion
nth move nrg
rom move ven
rum support bud move gal
ser move bud
sev support ukr move rum
smy move con
tri move ser
tun hold
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move bud
war support boh move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser
arm support smy
bud support rum
bul/sc support con
con support eas move smy
eas move smy
edi move bre
gal support ukr move rum
gre support bul/sc
ion move aeg
iri move eng
lvn move pru
mid convoy edi move bre
mos support sev
nat convoy edi move bre
nrg convoy edi move bre
rum support bud
ser support ukr move rum
sev support ukr move rum
sil move ber
smy hold
swe move bal
tri support vie move bud
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet con
England: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet con
England: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
arm move ank
ber move kie
bul/sc move con
con move bla
eas move smy
mun move kie
pru move ber
sev move arm
sil support pru move ber
smy move aeg
tri move vie
tyr move mun
ven move tri
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: fleet con
England: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank support smy move con
bla move ank
con support bla move ank
eas move smy
mun move kie
ser move bul
smy move con
tyr move mun
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
England: supply bul
England: fleet con
England: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Austria: fleet/dislodged smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: fleet con
England: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
