PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move arm
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move ank
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
eng move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth move nwy
pic support eng move bel
rom move tus
ruh support eng move bel
ser support bud move rum
sev move arm
tri hold
ukr move sev
ven move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move smy
bel move eng
ber hold
bla support con move ank
bud move rum
bul hold
con move ank
den hold
edi move nth
hol support bel
lvp move iri
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nap move tys
par move bur
pic support par move bur
por move spa/sc
ruh move bur
ser move gre
sev move arm
spa move mar
swe hold
tri move adr
tun move wes
tus move pie
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support vie move tri
ank hold
arm move ank
ber move sil
bla support ank
bul hold
eng move bre
gre hold
hol support lon move bel
iri move mid
lon move bel
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun support ruh move bur
nth convoy lon move bel
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move mar
ruh move bur
rum hold
sev support ukr move rum
smy support arm move ank
swe hold
tys support wes move gol
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move tri
wes move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gol move tus
rum move ser
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
build Army mos
remove pic
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move smy
arm support sev
bel move pic
bla move con
bre hold
bud hold
bul support bla move con
gre support ser move bul
lon move bel
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nth convoy lon move bel
pie move mar
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil move boh
smy hold
tri move ven
tus move rom
tys move tus
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move gas
ven move pie
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank hold
arm support smy
bel move bur
boh support tyr move vie
bud hold
bul hold
bur move par
con hold
gal move bud
gas move bre
gre move ser
gol support mar
mar hold
nth move eng
par support gas move bre
pic support bur move par
pie move ven
rum support gal move bud
sev support rum
smy hold
swe hold
tus move rom
tyr move vie
ukr support rum
ven support adr move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gas
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
remove pie
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
arm move ank
boh support mun move tyr
bre move mid
bud support rum move ser
bul support ser move rum
bur move gas
con support ank move smy
kie move mun
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa/sc
mun move tyr
pic move bur
rom move tys
rum move ser
ser move rum
sev move arm
smy support arm move ank
swe hold
tri hold
tus move rom
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie support mun move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move syr
spa/sc move wes
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
arm move ank
boh support vie
bud move ser
bul support ser move rum
bur support gas move mar
eng move bel
gal support bud
gas move mar
iri move eng
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mun move tyr
nwy hold
por support mid move spa/sc
rom hold
rum support bud move ser
ser move rum
spa/sc support mar
swe hold
syr support ank move smy
tri hold
tyr move tri
tys move rom
ukr support rum
ven support tri
vie support tyr move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move pie
ser move gre
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet sev
remove tun
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy move con
bel move nth
boh support vie
bul move ser
con move ank
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move bud
gre support bul move ser
hol move kie
lon move bre
lvp move wal
mun move tyr
nwy move ska
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
rum support ser
ser hold
sev move bla
smy move con
spa/sc move gol
swe hold
syr move smy
tri hold
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ukr move war
ven support tri
vie support tyr move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move con
boh support mun move tyr
bre support bur move par
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur move par
con move bul
eng convoy wal move bel
gre support bul move ser
kie move ber
gol hold
mar hold
mun move tyr
nth move hol
pie move ven
pru move war
rum support con move bul
ser support con move bul
ska support swe move den
tri hold
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ven support tri
vie support tyr move tri
wal move bel
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
par move pic
tri move adr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army mos
remove pic
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber move kie
boh move mun
bre move pic
bud support gal move vie
bul move gre
con move aeg
den support ber move kie
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move vie
gre move ser
hol move nth
lon move bel
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
nap move tys
par move bur
pie move tus
rum move gal
ser support bul move gre
ska move den
spa/sc move wes
stp/sc move bot
swe support ska move den
tri support tyr move ven
tun move tys
tyr move ven
ven move rom
vie support tri
war hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move hel
gre move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
alb move gre
ank move con
bel move hol
bot move bal
bud move tri
bur move mun
den move kie
edi move yor
eng support nth
gal support vie move bud
gre move alb
hel move den
kie support mun
gol move tys
mos move lvn
mun support kie
nth move hel
pic move bur
rom hold
ruh support bur move mun
ser support gre move alb
smy move gre
swe hold
tri support ven
tun move tys
tus move rom
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
war move pru
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ber
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove hel
build Army lon
build Fleet sev
remove tus
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
bal move ber
ber support kie
bud support ser move tri
bur move mun
con move smy
eng convoy lon move bel
hol move kie
kie support ber
lon move bel
mun move tyr
nth convoy yor move hol
pie move tus
pru support bal move ber
rom move nap
ruh support hol move kie
ser move tri
sev move bla
tri support ven
tun move naf
tys support wes move tun
ven support tri
vie move tyr
wes move tun
yor move hol
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move apu
bel move bur
ber hold
bud support tri
bur move mar
edi move bel
hol move ruh
ion convoy alb move apu
mun move tyr
naf move mid
nap support rom
nth convoy edi move bel
pru support ber
rom move nap
ruh move mun
tri support tus move ven
tun support tys
tus move ven
tys support tun
vie support tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove mid
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bud support tri
ion support apu move nap
rom move ven
tri hold
tyr move ven
tys support ven move rom
ven move rom
vie hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Russia: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: army rom
Austria: army/dislodged rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom move apu
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Russia: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
ion support nap
nap hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
