PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
den hold
eng move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
mar move spa
mun move ruh
nth move nwy
pic move bre
pie support ven
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
ukr move rum
ven support pie
war move gal
yor move wal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm support ank move bla
bel move eng
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud support tri move ser
bul hold
con support bul
den move swe
gal support rum
gre move aeg
hol move bel
lon hold
lvp move iri
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun support ruh move bur
nap move tys
nwy move nth
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh move bur
rum support gal
ser move gre
sev support rum
spa move por
swe support nwy move ska
tri move ser
tun move wes
ven hold
vie support bud
wal hold
war support gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move ank
bel move hol
bla support bul
bre move mid
bud support ser
bul support rum
bur support pie move mar
con move smy
den move swe
gal move sil
gre move bul
hol move ruh
iri move mid
lon move yor
mar support par move bur
mun support bur
nth support swe move den
par move bur
pie move mar
por move spa
pru move lvn
rum hold
ser support gre move bul
sev support rum
swe move den
tys move gol
ukr support sev
ven move pie
vie support bud
wal hold
war move lvn
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move kie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bul
remove bur
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
remove pru
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bla move bul/ec
bre move mid
bud hold
con move smy
den support hol move kie
gre move bul
hol move kie
iri support lon move eng
kie move ber
lon move eng
gol support pie move mar
mar support spa
mos move war
mun support ruh move kie
nth convoy yor move bel
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh move kie
rum support bla move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev move bla
sil move ber
smy support ank move con
spa support mar
tri support ven
ukr support rum
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: fleet/dislodged con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move aeg
mar move gas
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
bel move ruh
bla move bul/ec
boh move sil
bud move rum
bur support spa move mar
con support bla move bul
den support hol move kie
eng convoy wal move bel
gas support spa move mar
gre move bul
hol move kie
iri move mid
kie move ber
gol support mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support mun move bur
mun support ruh move kie
nth move hel
pie support mar
pru support sil move ber
ruh move kie
ser support gre move bul
sev support rum
sil move ber
smy support con
spa move mar
tri move ven
ukr move gal
wal move bel via convoy
war move sil
wes move naf
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove kie
remove mid
build Army mos
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move ruh
ber support pru move sil
bla move bul/ec
boh move vie
bud move vie
bul support bla move rum
bur support bel move ruh
con support bla move bul
den support hol move kie
eng convoy wal move bel
gal support rum move bud
gas support bur
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
iri move mid
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
naf move tun
pie support mar move tus
pru move sil
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser support bul
sev support rum
smy hold
spa support gas
tri move ven
ven move rom
wal move bel via convoy
war support gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber support ruh move mun
boh move vie
bud hold
bur move mar
con support bla move bul
den move nth
eng move mid
gal support bud
gas move bre
hel move hol
ion move nap
kie hold
gol move tys
mid move por
mun move sil
pie support tus move ven
rom support ven
ruh move mun
ser support bul
sev support ukr move rum
sil support ruh move mun
spa move por
tri move bud
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven hold
war support gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army par
remove pie
remove tus
remove tyr
remove tys
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
bla support smy move con
boh move gal
bre hold
bul move rum
con move aeg
eng move mid
gal support bud
hol move nth
ion move gre
kie move hel
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move iri
mid move naf
mar support par move bur
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum support bud
ser support tri move bud
sev move arm
sil move boh
smy move con
spa move por
tri move bud
ven move tyr
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
arm support sev
ber move sil
bla support con move bul
boh move gal
bre hold
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur hold
con move bul
gal move bud
gre support con move bul
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion move tun
iri move mid
lon hold
mid move wes
mar move spa
mun support sil move boh
naf move tun
nth move eng
por support mar move spa
rom move tus
ruh support hol move bel
rum support gal move bud
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
sil move boh
ven move tyr
vie support boh move gal
war support gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army mar
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel move eng
boh support mun move tyr
bre support bur move pic
bud support gal move rum
bur move pic
eng move mid
gal move rum
gre move ion
ion move aeg
lon move bel via convoy
mid move wes
mar move bur
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nth convoy lon move bel
por support spa
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support gal move rum
sev support rum
sil support war move gal
spa hold
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
ukr support war move gal
vie support tyr
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ank hold
arm support sev
bel move rom via convoy
bla move rum
boh move vie
bre support pic
bud support rum
bul support bla move rum
bur move mar
eng convoy bel move rom
gal support boh move vie
gre move ion
ion move tys
mid convoy bel move rom
mun move tyr
nth move bel
pic support bre
pie move ven
por support spa
ruh support nth move bel
rum support vie move gal
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
sil move war
spa support por
tun support tys
tyr move vie
tys convoy bel move rom
ukr move rum
vie move gal
wes convoy bel move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Army mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ank move con
arm move bla
bel hold
bla move rum
bre hold
bud support tyr move vie
bul support bla move rum
eng convoy lon move tus
gal support vie move boh
gre hold
lon move tus via convoy
lvp move wal
mid convoy lon move tus
mar support pic move bur
mos move war
mun move tyr
pic move bur
por support spa
rom support lon move tus
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support rum
sev support bla move rum
spa support por
tri support tyr move vie
tun move ion
tyr move vie
tys convoy lon move tus
ukr support bla move rum
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move sil
wes convoy lon move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move alb
bel move eng
bla support sev
boh move vie
bre hold
bul move ser
bur support mun
con move alb via convoy
eng move mid
gal support boh move vie
gre support con move alb
ion convoy con move alb
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move tyr
por support spa
rom support tus move ven
sev support ukr
sil move boh
spa support por
tus move ven
tyr move tri
tys move tus
ukr support gal
wal hold
war support gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lon
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support bul move ser
bla support sev
boh support vie
bre move pic
bud support ser move rum
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move bul
eng convoy wal move pic
gal move bud
gre support alb
ion move adr
lon hold
gol move spa/sc
mid support gol move spa
mar support spa
mun move ruh
pie move tyr
por support spa
rom move ven
ser move rum
sev support ukr
spa support mar
tri support pie move tyr
tus move gol
tyr move mun
ukr hold
ven move tyr
vie support gal move bud
wal move pic via convoy
war move gal
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
bla support sev
boh support mun move tyr
bre hold
bud move tri
bul support alb move gre
bur move bel
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move bud
gre hold
lon move bel via convoy
gol move mar
mid move bre
mar support spa
mun move ruh
por support spa
rom move ven
rum support bul
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr
spa support mar
tri support ser move bud
tus move pie
tyr support boh move mun
ukr support gal
ven move tyr
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pie
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pie
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pie
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
bla support sev
boh move mun
bre hold
bud hold
bul move gre
bur move mun
con hold
edi move nth
eng convoy wal move bel
gol support pie move mar
mid move bre
mar support spa
mos move ukr
pie move mar
por support spa
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser support tri
sev hold
smy move aeg
spa support mar
tri support ven move tyr
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
wal move bel via convoy
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army/dislodged mar
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
bel move bur
bre hold
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move ank
eng convoy lon move pic
gas support bre
gre hold
lon move pic via convoy
gol move spa/sc
mid support gol move spa
mar support gol move spa
nth move bel
por support spa
ruh support bel move bur
rum move bul/ec
ser move alb
smy move aeg
spa hold
tyr move mun
ven move rom
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
remove por
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
alb support tri
bel move pic
bla support sev
boh move tyr
bre support par
bul/ec move con
bur support pic move par
eng move bre
gal move boh
gas support spa move mar
gre hold
gol move spa/sc
mid move gas
mar support gol move spa
mos move war
mun hold
par support bre
pic move par
rom move nap
ruh move bel
ser support tri
sev support ukr
smy move eas
spa move mar
tri support bud
tun move wes
ukr hold
vie support bud
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa move por
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support gre
ank move con
bel hold
bla hold
boh hold
bre move par
bud hold
bur move gas
con move smy
eng support pic move bre
gal hold
gas support bre move par
gre support alb
mid support spa/sc move por
mar move spa/sc
mun hold
nap hold
par support bur move gas
pic move bre
por move spa
ser support tri
sev hold
spa/sc move por
tri hold
tyr hold
ukr hold
vie hold
war hold
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove gas
build Army lon
build Army lvp
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bre move mid
bur move mun
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bel
ion convoy nap move tun
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move wal
mid move naf
mun move sil
nap move tun via convoy
par move bur
por move spa/sc
spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: army tun
Russia: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
bla convoy sev move ank
boh move gal
bud move ser
bur move mar
eng move mid
gal move rum
ion convoy tun move nap
gol move tys
mid move naf
mun move tyr
naf move wes
nth move eng
ruh move mun
sev move ank via convoy
sil move boh
spa/sc move gol
tri support bud move ser
tun move nap via convoy
tyr move vie
ukr move sev
vie move bud
wal hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
