PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move fin
ven hold
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank hold
bud move ser
bul hold
bur move bel
den move swe
fin hold
kie move hol
lvn hold
mid move por
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nwy
rom move tun via convoy
ruh support kie move hol
sev move rum
smy move con
spa hold
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move gal
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move con
bel hold
bre move pic
bul hold
con support bul
fin move bot
hol support ruh
kie move den
lon move nth
lvn move war
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun support ruh
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par support mar move bur
por move spa/sc
rom move apu
ruh support hol
smy move aeg
swe support kie move den
tri move bud
tyr move vie
tys move tun
ven hold
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
ank hold
apu support ven
bel support bur move ruh
bot move bal
bud support ser move rum
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con hold
den move kie
gal move bud
hel move den
hol move ruh
mun support ruh move bur
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move bur
pic support par move bur
por move spa/sc
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser move rum
ska support yor move nwy
spa move mar
swe move nwy
tun hold
ukr support gal move war
ven hold
vie move gal
war move gal
yor move nwy
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
ank move con
bal move kie
bel hold
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur hold
con move smy
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move bud
hol move kie
kie move ber
mar support bur
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
par support bur
pic support bel
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bla
ser support bud move rum
ska support edi move nwy
spa/sc hold
swe move bot
tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move gal
war support gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
bel move hol
ber move bal
bot support ber move bal
bud support ser move rum
bul hold
bur move mun
con support smy move ank
den hold
ion move gre
kie support ruh move hol
mar support par move bur
mun move bur
nth support den
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic move bel
rom support ven move tus
ruh move hol
ser move rum
ska support nwy move swe
smy move ank
stp hold
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
ank move smy
apu hold
bal support kie move den
bel move hol
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con support aeg
den support nth move hel
edi hold
gre hold
hol move bel
kie move den
lon move nth
mar move spa
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move hel
par move bur
pic move bel
rom hold
rum move bul
ska support den
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
swe hold
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
apu move alb via convoy
bal support kie
bel move hol
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bla
den move kie
edi move hol via convoy
gre hold
hel support edi move hol
ion convoy apu move alb
kie support hol
mos hold
mun support kie
nth convoy edi move hol
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh support bel move hol
rum support bud move ser
ska support swe
smy move ank
swe hold
ven move tyr
vie move bud
wes convoy spa move naf
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb move ser
ank move arm
bal support kie
bel support ruh move hol
bla move sev
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur move mun
den support hel move kie
gre hold
hel move kie
hol support kie
ion move adr
kie support hol
mos hold
mun move ber
nth convoy edi move nwy
pic move bur
ruh move hol
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
ska support den
spa move naf via convoy
swe hold
tri hold
tyr support bur move mun
ven hold
vie support tri
wes convoy spa move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg move ion
alb support tyr move tri
arm support sev
bal convoy ber move swe
bel move ruh
ber move swe via convoy
bud support tri
bul support alb move ser
bur move mun
den support hel move kie
edi move nwy
gre hold
hel move kie
hol support mun move kie
kie hold
mos hold
mun move kie
naf move tun
nth convoy edi move nwy
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev hold
swe hold
tri hold
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bre
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber support kie move mun
bre move pic
bud move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
den move bal
hel support lon move den
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move mun
lon move den
mar move gol
mun support hol move kie
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move stp
par move bur
ruh move bel
ser support bul
sev move bla
swe hold
tun move rom via convoy
tys convoy tun move rom
vie move tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal convoy swe move kie
bel move lon
ber support mun
bla support con move bul
bul support ser
bur move mun
con move bul
den support swe move kie
hel support swe move kie
ion hold
kie hold
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mun support ber
nth move hol
pic move bel
rom hold
ruh support kie
rum support bul
ser support rum
sev move rum
ska move nwy
stp move lvn
swe move kie via convoy
tys move tun
vie move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
bel hold
ber move kie
bla move rum
bud support vie move tri
bul move ser
bur support ruh move mun
con move aeg
den move kie
hel support hol
hol hold
ion move gre
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvn move war
lvp move iri
gol move tys
mos support lvn move war
mun support ber move kie
nwy move nth
pic support bel
rom move nap
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser support vie move tri
sev support bla move rum
tun move ion
tus move rom
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber disband
mun disband
rum move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move ber
bel hold
ber move mun
bud support tri
bul move ser
bur support mun
eng support hol move bel
gal move vie
gre hold
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie support ber move mun
mos support war
mun hold
nap hold
nth support hol move bel
pic support bel
rom move tus
rum hold
ser support tri
sev support rum
tys move wes
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bal support kie
bel hold
ber support kie
bre move eng
bud support vie move gal
bul move ser
bur support mun
edi move yor
eng convoy lon move por
gre move ion
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie support hol
lon move por via convoy
lvp move iri
mid convoy lon move por
mos hold
mun hold
nap move rom
nth support bel
pic support ruh move bel
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser move rum
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
tri support ser
tus hold
tys move tun
vie move gal
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: army por
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move alb
bal hold
bel hold
ber support sil move mun
bud support gal move rum
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move alb via convoy
eng support iri move mid
gal move rum
gre hold
hol support bel
ion convoy con move alb
iri move mid
kie support sil move mun
mid move spa/nc
mos move war
mun move ber
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move par
por support mid move spa
rom support tus move ven
ruh move kie
rum hold
ser support gal move rum
sil move mun
tri hold
tus move ven
tys move tun
ukr support rum
ven hold
wes move spa/sc
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army por
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army por
England: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army por
England: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ser
bal hold
bel move pic
ber move kie
bud support ser
bul support alb move ser
eng support bel move pic
gal support bud
gre move ion
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie move ruh
lon move hol via convoy
lvp move iri
mid support spa/nc
mun support kie move ruh
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move swe
por support spa/nc
rum hold
spa/nc support por
tri support ser
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: army por
England: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
