PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
gal move vie
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
mid move por
mos move stp
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
pic support ruh move bel
ruh move bel
sev hold
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ven move tyr
war hold
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move kie
bla support ank move arm
bre support pic
bud support vie move gal
bul move rum
con move bul
gre hold
hol move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
mar support spa
mos hold
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth support lon move eng
nwy hold
pic support bre
por move mid
rum move ukr
ser support tri
sev hold
spa support mar
swe hold
tri support ser
tun move wes
tyr support mun
ven move pie
vie move gal
war hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support hol
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
bre support mid move eng
bud support gal move rum
bul support rum
den hold
eng support nth
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
ion move eas
mid move eng
mar support spa
mos support sev
mun move ber
nth move hol
nwy support nth
pic support bel
pie support tyr
rum support bul
ser support gre move bul
sev hold
spa support mar
stp support mos
swe hold
tri move vie
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
war support gal move sil
wes hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul disband
eng move wal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army smy
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber support kie move mun
bla move con
bre move eng
bud support rum
bul/sc hold
eas move smy
eng move nth
hol support eng move nth
kie move mun
lon support wal
mar support spa
mos move sev
nth move den
nwy support nth
pic support bel
pie move mar
rum support mos move sev
ser support rum
sev support ukr
smy move con
spa support mar
stp support mos
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tyr support mun
ukr support sev
vie move gal
wal support lon
war move ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move edi
sev move arm
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm support ukr move sev
ber support kie move mun
bla move con
bud support rum
bul/sc move aeg
eas move smy
edi support nwy move nth
eng support nth move lon
gal move ukr
hol move bel
kie move mun
lon support wal
mar support pic move bur
mun move bur
nth move lon
nwy move nth
pic move bur
ruh support kie move mun
rum support sev
ser move bul
sev hold
smy move con
spa support mar
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tyr move ven
ukr move sev
wal support lon
war support stp move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move tyr
nth move hel
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove eas
build Army kie
remove lon
build Army stp
build Army tri
remove ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
arm move con via convoy
bel support hel move nth
ber hold
bla convoy arm move con
bud support rum
bul move con
bur support mar
den hold
edi move nth
eng support hel move nth
gal support rum
gre move aeg
hel move nth
kie move mun
mid move bre
mar support bur
mos move sev
mun move boh
nth move hol
nwy move ska
pie move mar
ruh support kie move mun
rum support sev
sev move arm
smy support arm move con
spa move por
stp move fin
tri hold
tyr move mun
ven move pie
wal move eng
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
arm move ank
bel support ruh move hol
ber move kie
bla support con
boh move tyr
bre support wal move eng
bud support tri move vie
bul move con
bur move pic
con hold
den support ber move kie
eas move smy
edi move nth
eng support nth move lon
fin move nwy
gal support rum
hol move bel
mun support boh move tyr
nth move lon
pie support tyr
por move spa
ruh move hol
rum support gal
sev support arm
smy hold
tri move vie
tyr move ven
ven move tus
wal move eng
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move mid
hol move hel
smy disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
remove hel
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bel support ska move nth
bre support eng
bud move tri
bul move con
con hold
eng move lon
gal support rum
hol support bel
kie move ber
lon move wal
mid move iri
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun support tyr
nap move tys
nth support eng move lon
nwy hold
pic move par
pie support ven move tyr
rum support gal
ska move nth
smy support bul move con
spa move mar
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
tus support pie
tyr support mar move pie
ven move tyr
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
ank hold
bel support nth
ber move mun
bot move bal
con hold
edi move nrg
gal support rum
hol move lon
ion move tun
iri support wal move lvp
lon move nth
mar support spa
mos support war
mun move tyr
nth move lon
nwy move edi via convoy
par move bre
pie support ven
rum support gal
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa support mar
tri support tyr move ven
tus support pie
tyr move ven
tys move gol
ven support tri
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bre
build Army bud
remove gol
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
ank hold
arm support ank
bal move swe
bel move nth
ber hold
boh support vie
bud support tri
con hold
den hold
gal support boh
hol move bel
iri move wal
lon hold
lvp support iri move wal
mar move pie
mos support war
mun hold
nth convoy nwy move edi
nrg move edi
nwy move edi via convoy
par move bre
pie support tus move ven
rom support tus move ven
rum support gal
spa move mar
tri support ven
tun move tys
tus move ven
tyr move pie
ven support tyr move pie
vie support boh
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel move eng
ber move sil
boh support gal
bud move rum
con move smy
den hold
gal support boh
hol move bel
ion support apu move nap
mun support tyr
nth convoy nwy move edi
nrg move edi
nwy move edi via convoy
pie move tus
rom move nap
rum move bul
swe move ska
tri support vie
tus move rom
tyr support ven
tys support apu move nap
ven support mar move pie
vie support tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove pie
remove tus
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bel move bur
boh support gal
bud support tri
bul move con
den move kie
eng move lon
gal support boh
ion move aeg
lon move nth
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move boh
nap move rom
nth convoy nwy move edi
nrg move nat
rum support gal
sil support mun move boh
ska move nth
smy support bul move con
spa move mar
tri hold
tyr support mun move boh
tys support nap move rom
ven support rom
vie support boh
wal move lon
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank hold
arm move sev
boh move mun
bud support gal
bur move bel
con support smy
eng move lon
gal support war move sil
kie move ber
lon move yor
lvp move cly
mar move gas
mun support tyr
nat move mid
nap move rom
nth move hol
nwy move den via convoy
pie move mar
rum support gal
sev move ukr
sil move boh
ska convoy nwy move den
smy support con
tri move ven
tyr support ven
tys support nap move rom
ven support rom
vie move tyr
wal move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
rom move apu
sil move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove apu
remove eng
build Army mos
build Army par
remove pru
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel hold
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bud support tri
cly move edi
con hold
den move kie
gal move boh
gas move spa
hol move kie
ion move adr
mid move nat
mos move lvn
mun move kie
par move bur
rom hold
rum hold
sev move ukr
sil move ber
ska move nth
smy hold
stp move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven hold
vie move tyr
wal move lon
yor move nth
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bel hold
ber support mun
boh move mun
bre move pic
bud move gal
bur move bel
con hold
den move kie
gal move boh
hol support den move kie
lvn move stp
mar support spa
mun support ber
nwy move den via convoy
pie move tus
rom hold
rum support bud move gal
sil support boh move mun
ska convoy nwy move den
smy hold
spa support mar
tri move ven
tyr move pie
ukr move war
ven move apu
war move pru
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bel
remove ber
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
remove nat
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
remove yor
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
apu move rom
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud move vie
bur move bel
con hold
gal support rum
hol move bel
kie move mun
lon move eng
gol move tus
mar support spa
mos hold
mun move ber
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
pie support gol move tus
pru move ber
rom support gol move tus
rum support gal
sil support kie move mun
ska move nth
smy hold
spa support mar
stp move nwy
tri move adr
tus move ven
ven support adr move apu
vie move tyr
war support sil
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank hold
apu move nap
boh hold
bur move mun
con move ank
den move kie
eng move lon
gal move ukr
hol hold
mar support spa
mos support war
nth convoy nwy move yor
nwy move yor via convoy
pic support bel
pie support tyr
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh support bur move mun
rum move sev
sil support mun
smy support con move ank
spa support mar
tri move adr
tus move rom
tyr support boh
ven hold
vie support boh
war hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Russia: army/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove ruh
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move arm
bel support bur
ber support mun
boh support bud move gal
bre move mid
bud move gal
bur support mar
edi move cly
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie support mun
lon move wal
mid move wes
mar support bur
mos move sev
mun hold
nth convoy yor move hol
pic support bel
pie move mar
rom move tys
sev support ukr
sil support war
smy move con
spa support mar
stp move mos
tri move adr
tus move gol
tyr support boh
ukr support bud move gal
ven move pie
vie support bud move gal
war move ukr
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move sev
bel support bur
ber support mun
boh move sil
bur support mar
con move bul
gal support boh move sil
hol move hel
ion move tun
kie support mun
gol support tys move wes
mid support wes move naf
mar support spa
mos move sev
mun hold
nth convoy yor move hol
pic support bel
pie move mar
sev move mos
sil support war
spa support mar
stp move mos
tun move naf
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie move boh
wal move iri
war support mos
wes move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move ank
bel move pic
ber move sil
boh move sil
bul move rum
bur support mun
cly move nat
gal support sil move war
hel support kie
ion move tys
iri support naf move mid
kie support mun
gol support wes move spa
mid move por
mar support spa
mos support war
mun move tyr
naf move mid
nth convoy yor move hol
pic move par
pie move mar
sev support ukr move mos
sil move war
spa support mar
stp support mos
tun move naf
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
ven move tus
war support ber move sil
wes move spa/sc
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa move gas
war move lvn
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber support mun
boh support war move sil
bur support mar
gal support ukr move war
gas move spa
hel move nth
hol move ruh
ion move tun
iri support mid
kie support mun
lvn move war
gol support pie move mar
mid support por
mar support gas move spa
mos hold
mun move tyr
naf support spa/sc move mid
nat move cly
nth move eng
par support bur
pic move bel
pie move mar
por support gas move spa
rum move ukr
sev move mos
spa/sc move mid
stp support mos
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move war
war move sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber hold
boh move sil
bur support mar
con move bul
gal support boh move sil
iri support mid
kie support ber
lvn move war
gol convoy tus move spa
mid support iri
mar support spa
mos support lvn move war
mun hold
naf move mid
nth move nrg
par support bur
pie move mar
por support spa
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil move pru
spa support mar
stp support mos
tri move adr
tun move naf
tus move spa
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
vie move boh
war support sil move pru
wes support tus move spa
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber hold
boh support sil move mun
bul move rum
bur support mar
eng move nth
gal move war
iri support mid
kie support ber
lvn support mos
gol support pie move mar
mid support por
mar support spa
mos hold
mun hold
naf move mid
nrg move nwy
par move bre
pie move mar
por support spa
pru move lvn
ruh support mun
sev support war move mos
sil move mun
spa support mar
stp support mos
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr support sil move mun
ukr support war move mos
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
