PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move con
arm hold
bot move swe
bul move gre
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
ser support tri
sev support ukr move rum
spa hold
stp move nwy
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven move tri
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move smy
bel move bur
ber move sil
con move bul/sc
den support nwy move swe
gre move ser
ion move gre
kie move bal
lon move eng
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun support ber move sil
nap move tys
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic support par move bur
por move mid
rum move bul
ser support ion move gre
sev move bla
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp hold
swe hold
tri hold
tun move wes
ven move pie
vie support tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul/ec
alb move tri
bal convoy den move lvn
bla support rum move bul
bot move stp/sc
bur move bel
con move bul/ec
den move lvn via convoy
eng support bur move bel
gas move bre
gre support tri move alb
hol support bel
gol move mar
mid move spa/sc
mun hold
nth support swe move den
nwy move swe
pic support bur move bel
pie move mar
rum move bul
ser support gre
sev move arm
sil move war
smy move ank
stp move lvn
swe move den
tri move alb
tys move gol
ukr move war
vie move tri
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: army/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
den move kie
gol move tus
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army mar
remove ruh
remove stp
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support gre
ank move arm
arm move ank
bel support lon move hol
bla support arm move ank
bot move swe
bre move gas
bud move rum
con move bul/ec
den move kie
edi move nrg
eng move mid
gre hold
hol move nth
kie move den
lon move hol via convoy
gol move spa/sc
mar move bur
mun support sil move boh
nth convoy lon move hol
pic support mar move bur
pie move mar
rum move bul
ser support bud move rum
sil move boh
spa/sc move mar
swe hold
tri support ser
tus move gol
tyr move ven
ukr move war
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
hol move hel
rum move sev
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank hold
bel support hol
bla support ank
boh move vie
bot move swe
bur move mar
con support smy move ank
den move kie
gas support bur move mar
gre move bul/sc
hel move den
hol support den move kie
ion move nap
kie support hel move den
gol support por move spa
mid support por move spa
mun move sil
nth move hel
nrg move bar
pic move bur
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rum hold
ser support rum
sev move arm
smy move ank
spa/sc support pie move mar
swe support den
tri move vie
war move ukr
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ber
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
remove sil
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move smy
bar move stp/nc
bel move ruh
ber support den move kie
bla support ank move con
boh move tyr
bot move stp/sc
bud move rum
bul/sc hold
bur move mun
con move ank
den move kie
edi move nth
gas move mar
gre support bul/sc
hel support edi move nth
hol support kie
kie hold
gol support mar move pie
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar move pie
nap move tys
rum move sev
ser support bud move rum
smy support con move ank
spa/sc move wes
swe hold
tri support vie
ukr move sev
vie hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
con move aeg
pie move tus
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move smy
bar move stp/nc
bla support con
bot move stp/sc
bud support rum
bul/sc support aeg move con
con support arm move smy
gre support bul/sc
hel move den
hol support kie
kie support hel move den
gol move tys
mid move naf
mar move pie
mun support pie move tyr
nth support hel move den
pie move tyr
ruh support mun
rum hold
ser support tri
smy support aeg move con
swe support hel move den
tri support vie move tyr
tys move tun
ukr move mos
vie move tyr
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move ska
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ber
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm support con move smy
bar support edi move nwy
bla move con
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul/sc hold
con move smy
den support swe move ska
edi move nwy via convoy
gre support bul/sc
hol move kie
kie move ber
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move boh
naf move tun
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move tus
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support rum
ska move nth
smy move ank
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tys support pie move tus
vie move boh
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army/dislodged tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support aeg move smy
arm move ank
bar support nwy move stp
ber move pru
bul/sc support gre
con support arm move ank
den support ska move swe
gre hold
ion move eas
kie move ber
mid move wes
mos support stp/nc
mun move sil
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
pie hold
ruh move mun
rum move gal
ser move bud
ska move swe
smy support arm move ank
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tun support tys move ion
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys move ion
vie move boh
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove eas
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
build Army sev
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move arm
bar support fin move stp
ber support mun
boh move sil
bud move rum
bul/sc support con move aeg
con move aeg
den move ska
edi move nrg
fin move stp
gal support boh move sil
gre hold
ion move eas
mar move gol
mos support stp/nc
mun hold
nth move nwy
nwy move bar
pie hold
pru support sil move war
rom move nap
sev move ukr
sil move war
stp/nc support nwy move bar
swe support nth move nwy
tri move tyr
tys move ion
ven support tri move tyr
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
arm move syr
bar support fin move stp
ber support mun
boh support sil move mun
bul/sc support gre
eas support tun move ion
fin move stp
gal support sil
gre hold
ion move adr
lvn support ukr move war
gol support pie
mos support ukr move war
mun support pie move tyr
nap move rom
nrg move nth
nwy support fin move stp
pie move tyr
pru support war move sil
rum hold
sil move mun
ska move den
swe move bal
tun move ion
tyr support sil move mun
tys move nap
ukr move war
ven support tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support bul/sc move gre
bal support pru move lvn
bar support stp
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bul/sc move gre
eas move aeg
gal move sil
gre move ser
ion support eas move aeg
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move pru
gol move tus
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move swe
pie support rom move ven
pru move lvn
rom move ven
rum move bud
sil support mun
stp support pru move lvn
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
ven move tus
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: army/dislodged sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
France: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
mun move ruh
sil move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
France: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move adr
bal support ber
bar move nrg
ber support ruh move mun
boh support mun
bud support tyr move tri
bur support ruh move mun
con move aeg
den support hol move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
gre support con move aeg
hol move kie
ion support aeg move gre
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mos support war
mun hold
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move tyr
pru move war
ruh move mun
ser support tyr move tri
sil support mun
stp support lvn move mos
swe move bot
syr move arm
tri hold
tyr move tri
ven support pie move tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
France: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move bul/sc
mos move ukr
tri move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army mar
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support bul/sc move gre
alb support gre
arm move sev
bal move ber
ber move sil
boh support mun move tyr
bot support stp move lvn
bud move rum
bur support tyr move mun
den move nth
edi move nwy via convoy
gre support alb
ion move eas
kie support tyr move mun
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth move eng
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
pru move war
ruh support tyr move mun
sil move gal
smy move arm
stp move lvn
tri move vie
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr support war
ven support adr move tri
war support sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move gre
alb support gre
arm move sev
ber move bal
boh move tyr
bul/sc move con
bur support mun
eas move aeg
eng move mid
gal move ukr
gre hold
ion support gre
kie move ber
lvn support sil move war
mos support sil move war
mun support pie move tyr
nth move eng
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
pru support sil move war
ruh support mun
rum support gal move ukr
sil move war
smy hold
stp support mos
tri hold
ukr support war
ven support tri
vie support boh move tyr
war support gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri
ber support pru move sil
boh move gal
bur move mar
con move ank
eas support gre move aeg
eng move mid
gal move bud
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
lvn support war
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos support war
mun support pie move tyr
nth move eng
par move bur
pie move tyr
pru move sil
ruh support mun
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bul
sev move ukr
smy move con
stp support mos
tri hold
ukr move sev
ven support pie move tyr
vie support boh move gal
war support pru move sil
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
alb move ion
ank support bul move con
arm move sev
bal convoy swe move pru
ber move sil
bot move swe
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move mar
con move bul
eas move smy
eng convoy lon move tun
gal move bud
gre move bul/sc
lon move tun via convoy
lvn move war
gol move tys
mid convoy lon move tun
mar move pie
mos support war move ukr
mun move boh
ruh move mun
rum move ser
sev hold
sil support mun move boh
stp move lvn
swe move pru via convoy
tri move adr
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support gal move bud
war move ukr
wes convoy lon move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move rum
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army lon
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support bul/sc
ank move bla
bal hold
ber move sil
boh support tyr move vie
bud support sev move rum
bul/sc support smy move con
con move bul
eng convoy lon move naf
ion convoy tun move alb
lon move naf via convoy
lvn hold
mid convoy lon move naf
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move tyr
par move bur
pie move ven
pru hold
rum move bud
ser support con move bul
sev move rum
sil move gal
smy move con
swe move nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tun move alb via convoy
tyr move vie
tys hold
ukr support sil move gal
vie move gal
war support sil move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
England: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army/dislodged con
England: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: army naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
England: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
England: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: army naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support bul/sc
alb support tri move ser
ank move smy
bal convoy pru move swe
bla support rum
boh move gal
bud support rum
bul/sc support con
bur move mun
con support bul/sc
eng move mid
gal move bud
ion convoy mar move gre
lvn move mos
gol convoy mar move gre
mid move wes
mar move gre
naf move tun
nwy move nth
pru move swe via convoy
rum hold
ser move gre
sev move rum
sil hold
tri move ser
tyr support ven move tri
tys convoy mar move gre
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
vie support gal move bud
war hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
England: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet con
England: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army lon
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
England: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet con
England: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
