PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bot move bal
bur support eng move bel
eng move bel
hol hold
ion move tun
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
pru move ber
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
sil move mun
spa move por
stp move fin
tri support ser
tyr move vie
ven move tri
war hold
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army smy
remove war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber hold
bud support tri move vie
bul move rum
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
edi move nrg
fin move swe
gre hold
hol hold
kie hold
lon move nth
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy move swe
rom move ven
ser move tri
sev support bul move rum
smy move con
tri move vie
tun support nap move ion
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move ber
ber support den move kie
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move bul
den support swe
fin move swe
gal move vie
gre hold
hel support nth move hol
hol hold
ion move alb
kie move den
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun hold
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
par move pic
por move spa
rum support bul move ser
swe support den
tri support bud move ser
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ber move pru
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move kie
edi move nrg
fin move swe
gal support tyr move vie
gre hold
hel support hol
hol support den move kie
ion support alb move gre
kie move den
lon move nth
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nwy support swe
pic move bur
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bud
ser support bul move gre
sev move mos
smy support con move aeg
swe hold
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie disband
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
boh move vie
bud support boh move vie
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mun
gal move war
gre hold
hel move kie
hol hold
ion support gre
kie move ber
mun move ber
nth move eng
nrg move nat
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
pru move war
ser support aeg move gre
smy move eas
swe hold
tri support vie
vie support tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
remove gre
build Army lon
remove pru
remove tyr
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ion
boh move gal
bud support boh move gal
bur move mun
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move pic
gal support vie
hel support hol
hol support edi move nth
ion support alb
kie move ber
lon move pic via convoy
mun move ber
nat move mid
par move bur
ruh support bur move mun
tri support vie
tyr move tri
ven support tri
vie support gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ion move gre
bel move eng
boh move vie
bud support boh move vie
bur move pic
eng support pic move bre
gal move bud
hel support hol
hol support nth move bel
ion move gre
kie move ber
mid support pic move bre
mun move ber
nth move bel
par support bre
pic move bre
ruh move hol
spa move por
swe move bal
tri support gal move bud
tyr move pie
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support gre
bal move ber
bel support par move pic
bre hold
bud support tri move ser
bur move mar
eng support hol move bel
hel move hol
hol move bel
kie support bal move ber
mid move por
mun support ruh move kie
nap move ion
nth support hol move bel
par move pic
pic support hol move bel
por move spa
ruh move kie
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ser
vie move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support gre
bel support nth move eng
ber support den move kie
bre support par move pic
bud move rum
den move kie
eng move mid
gal move war
gre support ion move aeg
hol support den move kie
ion move aeg
kie support mun move ber
mar move bur
mun move ber
nth move eng
nwy move nth
par move pic
pic move bur
por support eng move mid
ser support bud move rum
ven hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove mar
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move ion
bel support lon move pic
ber support kie
edi move nwy via convoy
eng convoy lon move pic
gre move bul/sc
hol support bel
kie hold
lon move pic via convoy
lvp move iri
mid move wes
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
rom move tus
ruh support pic move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser support gre move bul
spa move por
ven move adr
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army/dislodged pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
pic move par
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel move pic
ber support kie
bre hold
bul/sc move con
con move ank
eng support iri move mid
hol support kie
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie hold
mun move ber
nth move bel
nwy move stp
par support bre
pic move bur
por move spa/sc
pru support mun move ber
ruh move kie
ser move bul
spa move por
tus move pie
tys support ion move tun
wes support por move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
England: fleet/dislodged ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move bal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
bel support lon move pic
ber support ruh move kie
bre hold
bul move con
bur move mun
con move aeg
eas support smy
eng convoy lon move pic
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move pic via convoy
mid support pic move bre
nap move tys
par support bre
pic move bre
pie support mar
pru support ber
rom move tus
ruh move kie
rum move sev
spa/sc support wes move gol
stp move lvn
tun move naf
tys move wes
ven move tyr
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank hold
bal move ber
bel move nth
ber move mun
bre hold
con support aeg move smy
den move kie
eng move mid
hol support den move kie
kie support ber move mun
lvn move war
gol move mar
mid move por
mar move spa
mun support den move kie
naf support wes
par support bre
pic move eng
pie support mar
pru move war
spa/sc support gol move mar
tun support naf
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys support tus move gol
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lvp
build Army nap
remove par
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
bal move ber
con move bul
edi move bel via convoy
eng convoy lon move pic
hol support edi move bel
kie support mun
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move war
lvp move wal
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc
mun support kie
naf move mid
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move bel
pie move tyr
por support spa/sc
pru move war
rom move ven
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mid
tun support wes
tyr move boh
tys support wes
ven move tri
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move iri
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move ber
bel move ruh
bla convoy bul move sev
boh move sil
bul move sev
eng move mid
iri support eng move mid
kie support mun
lvn move war
gol support mid move spa
mid move spa/sc
mun support kie
nth move eng
pic move par
por support spa/sc
pru move war
rom move ven
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tyr move boh
ukr support pru move war
ven move pie
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support mun move ber
bel move pic
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
eng convoy lon move gas
hol move bel
ion move tun
iri support mid
kie support mun move ber
lon move gas via convoy
lvn support mos
gol support pie move mar
mid convoy lon move gas
mun move ber
naf move mid
nap move rom
par move bur
pie move mar
por support mid
rom move ven
sev move mos
sil support tyr move mun
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tyr
war move lvn
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move lvn
bel move hol
ber support kie
boh support mun
bur move mar
con move aeg
eng convoy wal move pic
gas support mid move spa
iri move mid
kie support ber
lvn move stp
gol support mar
mid move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support sil move ber
naf move mid
pic move par
por support mid move spa
rom move tus
sil move ber
tun move naf
tyr support mun
ukr move mos
ven move pie
wal move pic via convoy
war support ukr move mos
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
