PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bur move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
ruh support yor move bel
ser support tri
sev move arm
spa hold
tri hold
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army sev
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel hold
ber move kie
bla support arm move ank
bud move ser
bur support par move pic
gre move aeg
hol move ruh
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move gol
mun support ven move tyr
nap move apu
nth move den
nwy move nth
par move pic
por move mid
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum support war move gal
ser move gre
sev move arm
spa move mar
tri hold
tun move tys
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
ank support arm move smy
apu move ion
arm move smy
bel hold
bla move bul/ec
bud move vie
bur move bel
eng move bre
gal move bud
gre move bul
hol move bel
kie move hel
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mar hold
mun move kie
nth move den
nwy move nth
pic support bur move bel
ruh support hol move bel
rum support gal move bud
ser support tri
swe support nth move den
tyr support ven move tri
tys support apu move ion
ven move tri
wal move yor
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move ska
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove hol
build Fleet lon
build Army rom
remove ruh
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
bel move hol
bla support ank move con
bud support war move gal
bul support ser move rum
bur move bel
den hold
eng move bel
hel support ska move den
ion move gre
kie support tyr move mun
lon move eng
mid move iri
mar move gas
nth support eng move bel
pic support bur move bel
rom move ven
rum support bud
ser move rum
sev support rum
ska move den
smy support ank move con
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move nwy
swe support den
tri support vie
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ven move tyr
vie support tri
war move gal
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bla move bul/ec
bud support gal move vie
bul support ser
bur move bel
con support bla move bul
den hold
eng support nth move bel
gal move vie
gas move bre
hel support ska move den
hol support nth move bel
ion move aeg
iri support mid move eng
kie move mun
lon move nth
mid move eng
mun move ber
nth move bel
nwy hold
pic support bur move bel
rum move ser
ser move bud
sev move rum
ska move den
smy support con
swe support den
tri support ser move bud
tyr support ven move tri
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie support ser move bud
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move gre
eng move wal
tri move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove alb
remove hel
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
remove ska
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bud support rum move ser
bul/ec move bla
bur move bel
con move bul
den hold
eng move nth
gal support vie
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
ion move aeg
iri move wal
lon move eng
lvp hold
mos move lvn
mun move bur
nth support lon move eng
nwy move swe
pic support bur move bel
rom move tys
rum move ser
ser move bul
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
swe move bal
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ven support tri
vie move bud
wal support lon move eng
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move mid
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
bal support sil move ber
bel support pic
bla support rum move bul
boh move mun
bre hold
bud support gal move vie
bul support gre
bur move mar
con support rum move bul
eng move pic
gal move vie
gre support bul
hol move bel
ion move gre
iri support mid move eng
kie move mun
lvn move war
lvp hold
mid move eng
nth support hol move bel
nwy support swe
pic support bel
rum move bul
sil move ber
swe support nwy
tri support vie
tys move wes
ven support tri
vie support tri
wal move iri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
gre disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
bal move kie
bel move pic
ber support bal move kie
bla move con
bre move pic
bud support gal move vie
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move ank
den hold
eng move nth
gal move vie
iri move mid
kie move mun
lvp hold
mid move wes
mar move spa
mos move war
nap move tys
nth move nrg
rom move tus
ser move tri
sev move bla
smy support bla move con
tri support vie
ven support tri
vie support tri
wal move eng
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank support con move smy
bel move hol
ber support sil move mun
bla move con
bre move pic
bud support vie
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move smy
den move swe
eng move bel
gre move alb
iri move mid
lvp move yor
mid move spa/sc
mar support wes move spa
mun move kie
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy support swe
ser support bul move gre
sil move mun
smy move syr
swe support nwy
tus move pie
tyr support tri
tys move wes
ven support tri
vie hold
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun disband
nwy move stp/nc
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
remove tri
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel hold
ber support mun move kie
bud move tri
bur move gas
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move nth
gal move boh
hol move kie
iri move mid
kie move den
mid move naf
mar move spa
mos move war
mun move kie
nrg move bar
nwy support den move swe
pic move bur
pie move mar
ser support bud move tri
sev move bla
smy move eas
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes support mar move spa
yor move lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bar support nwy move stp
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla move con
boh support mun
bur move mar
den hold
eas move ion
gas support bur move mar
hol move ruh
kie move bal
lvp move yor
mid move por
mar support wes move spa
mun support ber move kie
naf move tun
nth support den
nwy move stp/nc
sil move ber
spa move por
swe move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move tun
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ion move nap
mar move pie
ven move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
