PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support ser move rum
bot move bal
bul move gre
con move bul
den move swe
eng convoy wal move bre
ion support alb move gre
mid move bre
nap move apu
nth move nwy
pic move bre
pru move war
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
sil support pru move war
stp move nwy
ven move rom
vie move bud
wal move bre via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move mos
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu move tun
bal move kie
ber move kie
bla move sev
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move rum
con move bul
eng move bel
gre support ser move bul
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
mid support bre move eng
nth move nwy
pic move bel
rom move ven
ser move bul
sil move ber
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp move fin
swe support kie move den
tri move bud
vie support bud move gal
wal move lon
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
eng move wal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bal support fin move swe
ber move kie
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con support aeg move bul
den support swe
eng move nth
fin move swe
gal move ukr
gre support bul
ion move eas
mid move iri
mos support rum move sev
pic move bel
rum move sev
sil move ber
tun hold
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wal move eng
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
sev move bla
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bel move hol
ber support mun
bla support con move bul
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bud support rum
bul support rum
con move bul
den move ska
eas support gre move aeg
eng support lvp move iri
gal move war
gre move aeg
iri move wal
kie move hol
lvp move iri
nap move ion
nth move edi
nwy move stp/nc
par move pic
por move spa
rum support ukr
swe support den move ska
tun hold
tyr move mun
ukr support vie move gal
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bul move ser
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
bel move hol
ber support mun
bla move rum
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move gre
eas convoy tun move syr
eng support lon move wal
gal move war
ion convoy tun move syr
iri move lvp
kie move hol
lon move wal
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
ska support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tun move syr
tyr move mun
ukr support gal move war
wal move lvp
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove lon
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ber support mun
bla move ank
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bul support ser move gre
con support smy
eas move smy
edi move yor
gre move bul
ion support ser move gre
kie move hol
lvn support nwy move stp
mar move spa/sc
nwy move stp/nc
rum support bul
ser move gre
ska move nth
smy hold
spa move por
syr support eas move smy
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
wal move lvp
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
stp/nc disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ber support mun
boh move sil
bre move pic
bul move con
eng move lon
gre hold
ion hold
iri move wal
lvn move pru
mos support rum move sev
nth move nwy
pic move bur
por move spa
rum move sev
smy support bul move con
spa/sc move mid
syr move arm
tyr move mun
war move pru
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
remove wal
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
arm move ank
bel support bur move ruh
ber support mun move sil
bud move gal
bur move ruh
con support arm move ank
eng move lon
gre move ser
hol support nwy move nth
ion hold
kie move mun
lvn move war
lvp move wal
mid move eng
mos move lvn
mun move sil
nwy move nth
pic support mid move eng
sev move mos
sil move pru
smy move eas
spa move mar
tri move vie
tyr support vie move boh
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support mos move lvn
yor move nth
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank hold
bel support ruh move hol
ber move mun
bla move sev
bre move lon
eas move smy
eng convoy bre move lon
hol hold
ion move gre
mar move bur
mun move boh
nth support hol
pic support bel
pie move tyr
ruh move hol
sil support mun move boh
stp/nc hold
tyr move tri
wal support bre move lon
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
lon disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy move con
bel support ruh move hol
ber move pru
boh support sil move mun
bur move ruh
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gre move bul/sc
hol support nth move bel
kie move ruh
lon move yor
mun support kie move ruh
nap move apu
nth move bel
par move bur
pic move eng
rom move ven
ruh move hol
sev move rum
sil move mun
smy move con
tri hold
tyr support tri
ven move adr
wal move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
nth move hel
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
ank move arm
apu move alb
bel hold
ber move pru
boh move mun
bul/sc support con
bur support bel
con support bul/sc
edi move nrg
eng support lon move nth
hel move nth
hol support ruh move bel
lon move nth
mun move bur
nth move ska
par support bur
ruh move bel
rum hold
sil support boh move mun
stp/nc move nwy
tyr move vie
ven support tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move ser
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber move pru
boh support mun
bul/sc hold
bur move bel
con move bla
eng support nth
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
kie move den
mun support bel move ruh
nap move tys
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
rom move tus
rum move bla
sil support ber move pru
ska support nrg move nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move stp/nc
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move ser
bel hold
boh support mun
bul/sc move con
bur move mun
con move bul/ec
den support hol move nth
eng support nth
hel support hol move nth
hol move nth
nth convoy yor move den
pic support bel
pru move war
ruh move hol
rum move bul/ec
sev hold
sil support pru move war
ska support yor move den
stp/nc move nwy
tri support alb move ser
tus move pie
tyr move vie
tys move gol
vie move bud
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
nth disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army ven
remove war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel move ruh
boh support gal
bre move mid
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc hold
bur support mar
con move bla
den move swe
eng move lon
hel move den
hol move nwy via convoy
ion move tun
gol support pie move mar
mun move bur
nap move tys
nwy move swe
par move gas
pic move bel
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum move bla
ser move rum
sev hold
sil move ber
ska move den
stp/nc support hol move nwy
tri move ser
ven hold
vie move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: fleet/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mar move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel support ruh move hol
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud move tri
bul/sc move gre
bur move mar
con move aeg
den move swe
gal move war
gas support bur move mar
hel support hol
hol support nth move bel
gol support mar
mid move wes
mar hold
mun move bur
nth move bel
nwy support ska move swe
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser hold
sev move mos
ska move swe
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc move nwy
tun support tys move wes
tus move pie
tys move wes
ven move tus
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove hel
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
bel support ruh move bur
bur move par
den move swe
gas move par
gre hold
hol support nth move bel
kie move ruh
lon move nth
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc
mos move war
mun support kie move ruh
nap move ion
nth move bel
nwy move swe
pie hold
rom move tys
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
ser move bud
ska support nwy move swe
spa/sc support mar
stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie
tun move naf
tus support pie
tyr hold
ven support pie
war hold
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move eng
bud move vie
bur move par
den move swe
edi move yor
gas support mar
gre hold
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos support ukr move war
mun move bur
naf support wes move mid
nth move nwy
nwy support den move swe
pic move par
pie move mar
ruh move bel
ska support nth move nwy
spa/sc support mid
swe support nth move nwy
tus hold
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet nap
remove pru
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
bre support mid
bur support pie move mar
den move nth
eng support wes move mid
gas support mar
gre hold
hol move bel
ion move tys
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos hold
naf support wes move mid
nap hold
nwy move nrg
pic move par
pie move mar
rom hold
ska support swe move den
spa/sc support mar
swe move den
tri hold
tun support tys move wes
tus move pie
tyr hold
tys move wes
ven hold
vie hold
war hold
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move por
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
bur support pic move par
den move kie
eng support mid move bre
gas support par
gre hold
gol support wes move spa
mid move bre
mar support spa/sc
mos hold
mun move kie
naf move mid
nap move ion
nth move lon
nrg move edi
par support bre
pic move par
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
rom hold
ska move den
spa/sc support mar
tri hold
tun move naf
tus hold
tyr hold
ven move pie
vie hold
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
