PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move bla
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
hol move bel
ion move tun
mid move por
mun hold
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pru move war
sev move rum
stp move lvn
tyr move vie
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bel move hol
ber move pru
bla support con move bul
bud support alb move tri
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move bul
den hold
edi move nrg
gre support bul move ser
hol support kie move hel
kie move hel
lon move yor
lvn support ukr move war
mar hold
mun move boh
nap move apu
nth support bel move hol
nwy hold
par move bur
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
rum hold
ser move rum
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
swe move bal
tun move ion
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
hol move kie
ser move alb
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ser
apu move adr
bal move ber
bla move sev
boh support tyr move vie
bud support alb move ser
bul move rum
bur move mun
den hold
gre support ser
hel support kie move den
hol support den move kie
ion move alb
kie move den
lvn support war
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
pru move war
ruh support hol
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
sil support pru move war
tri move ven
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie move bud
war hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Army par
remove pru
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
remove sil
build Army smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move con
bar move stp/nc
bla move sev
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul move rum
den support hel move nth
gre support ser
hel move nth
hol support ruh move kie
ion hold
lvn move stp
mar hold
mun support ruh move kie
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move swe
par move bur
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum move bla
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum move bla
smy move arm
spa/sc hold
swe move bal
tri move bud
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move ank
bud move gal
nth move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move bla
arm move sev
bal hold
bar move stp/nc
ber hold
bla support sev move arm
bud support tri move ser
bur move bel
con support ank move bla
den move ska
edi hold
gal support ukr move rum
gre move bul
hol support kie
ion move gre
kie support mun move ber
lon hold
lvn move war
mid hold
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move ber
nth hold
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
sev move arm
spa/sc hold
swe move nwy
tri move ser
ukr move rum
vie support bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: fleet/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove gal
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
remove ska
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move ank
bal hold
bar support nwy move stp
bel support hol
ber hold
bla move con
bre hold
bud support ser
con move smy
edi hold
gre move ion
hol support bel
kie move mun
lon move nth
mid move naf
mar move gol
mos move stp
nap move tys
nth move nrg
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie move tus
pru move lvn
rom move tus
rum support sev
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum
spa/sc move wes
ven support rom move tus
vie support bud
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bal hold
bar move nwy
bud move rum
bul hold
bur move mun
con move aeg
edi hold
gre move ion
ion move tun
lvn move bot
gol move tys
mos move stp
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nth move den
nrg move nwy
pie support mun move tyr
pru move lvn
rum move bul
ser support bud move rum
sev move bla
smy support con move aeg
stp hold
tus support ven move pie
tys move wes
ven move pie
vie move tyr
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move mar
rum move sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet nap
remove nrg
remove sev
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bal move swe
bar support stp
bel move bur
ber move sil
bot move swe
bul hold
bur move mun
con support bul
den support bal move swe
gre support ser move bul
hol move ruh
ion move tun
lon move nth
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move yor
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move boh
naf move tun
nap support tys
pie support ven move tyr
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
smy move eas
stp hold
tus support pie
tys move wes
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
tys move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar support stp
bot support lvn move stp
bre move mid
bul hold
bur move ruh
con support bul
den move bal
eas move ion
edi move nwy via convoy
gre support ser move bul
ion move tun
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
mun support sil move boh
naf move tun
nap support rom move tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh move kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil move boh
stp hold
swe hold
tus support pie
tyr support vie move boh
tys move rom
vie move boh
wes support naf move tun
yor hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
stp move fin
tys move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army par
remove tus
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal move bot
bar support nwy move stp
bot move lvn
bul hold
con support bul
eas move ion
fin support nwy move stp
gre support ser move bul
ion move aeg
kie move ber
gol move tys
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos move war
mun support sil move boh
nap support tys
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh move kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil move boh
stp move mos
swe support bal move bot
tun hold
tyr support vie move boh
tys support ion
vie move boh
war move pru
wes support tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar support stp
ber move pru
bot convoy fin move lvn
bul support con
bur move mar
con support bul
eas move ion
fin move lvn via convoy
gre move bul/sc
ion move gre
kie move mun
lvn move bal
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mos hold
mun move boh
naf support tun
nap support tys
pie move mar
pru support war move sil
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sil support ber move pru
stp hold
swe move bal
tun support wes move tys
tyr support vie move boh
tys support ion move tun
vie move boh
war move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove mos
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
ber move sil
boh support pru move sil
bot support swe move bal
bul/sc move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
eas move ion
edi move nwy via convoy
fin move stp
ion support tys
kie support mun
lvn move bal
gol support wes move tys
mun support sil move boh
naf support tun
nap support tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move ven
pru move sil
rom move tus
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil move boh
stp move mos
swe move bal
tun support wes move tys
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys support rom move tus
war move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move alb
sil move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
alb move ion
bal support fin move lvn
bar move nrg
ber support mun
boh move vie
bot convoy fin move lvn
bul support gre
con move bul
fin move lvn via convoy
gal move vie
gre support bul
ion move gre
kie support mun
lvn move pru
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
naf move wes
nap support rom
nwy move stp
rom support ven move tus
rum support bul
stp move mos
tun support tys
tus move ven
tyr move pie
tys support tus
ven move tus
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army mar
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ion move gre
ank move bla
bal move pru
bel move ruh
ber move sil
boh move mun
bot hold
bul support ion move gre
con move bul
gal move bud
gre support con move bul
ion move gre
kie move ber
lvn support stp move mos
gol support tys
mar move pie
mun support ber move sil
nap support rom
nrg move nat
nwy move swe
pie move ven
pru move ber
rom support nap
rum move bud
sil support boh move mun
stp move mos
tun support tys
tus move ven
tyr support boh move mun
war move mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ion move gre
bal support swe move lvn
ber support bur move mun
bla move sev
bot convoy swe move lvn
bul support ion move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
gal move vie
gre support con move bul
ion move gre
kie support bur move mun
lvn move mos
gol support tys
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support pru move ber
nat move mid
nap support rom
pie move tus
pru move ber
rom support nap
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bul
sil support pru move ber
swe move lvn via convoy
tun support tys
tus move ven
tyr support mun
tys support pie move tus
war move mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ion
build Army lon
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move tri
bal convoy swe move pru
ber hold
bla support con move bul
boh support tyr
bul support rum
con move bul
gre move ion
kie move ber
lon move den via convoy
lvn support mos move war
gol support tys
mos move war
mun support kie move ber
nap support rom
nth convoy lon move den
par move bur
pie move ven
rom support nap
ruh support mun
rum support bul
sil support ber
swe move pru via convoy
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support ven
tys support tus move rom
ven support rom
vie move tri
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: army/dislodged bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move ser
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support nap move ion
bal support pru move ber
ber move kie
bla support bul
boh move tyr
bul support gre
bur support mun
gre support aeg move ion
kie support pru move ber
lvn move mos
gol support tys
mun move tyr
nap move ion
pie support mun move tyr
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh support kie
rum move sev
ser hold
sil support boh move mun
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move tri
tys support tun move ion
ukr move mos
ven move apu
vie move bud
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove sil
remove ukr
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move gre
apu move ven
bal convoy den move pru
ber move sil
bla support bul move rum
bud support tyr move vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
den move pru via convoy
edi move nwy via convoy
gre support aeg move ion
lvn move mos
gol support tys move tus
nap support rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie support tus move ven
rom support nap
ruh move mun
ser move rum
sev support ser move rum
tri support apu move ven
tun support wes move tys
tus move ven
tyr move vie
tys move tus
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support tri
apu move ven
bla support bul move rum
bud support vie move tri
bul move rum
con move bul
gre support ion
ion support gre
lon move den via convoy
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap support rom
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move swe
pie move ven
pru move war
rom support nap
ser move rum
sev support ser move rum
sil move boh
tri support apu move ven
tun support tys move ion
tus support pie move ven
tys move ion
ukr support mos move sev
vie move tri
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
Italy: army/dislodged sev
Italy: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
remove apu
build Army con
build Army lon
build Army par
remove tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bal convoy den move pru
bla support rum
bot convoy swe move lvn
bud move rum
bul move ser
con move smy
den move pru via convoy
gre support ion
ion hold
lon move den via convoy
gol move tys
nap support tys move ion
nth convoy lon move den
par move bur
pie move ven
rom support nap
rum support bul move ser
ser move gre
sev hold
swe move lvn via convoy
tun support tys move ion
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr support sev
ven move apu
vie support tyr move tri
war move gal
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move aeg
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move con
apu support tus move rom
bal convoy den move lvn
bla support smy move ank
boh move tyr
bre move eng
bud support tri move ser
bul support rum
bur move mun
den move lvn via convoy
gal support ukr move rum
gre support bul
ion move adr
lvn move mos
nap support rom
pru move war
rom support nap
rum support bul
ser move bul
sev support ukr move rum
smy move ank
tri move ser
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ukr move rum
ven move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Italy: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
aeg move ion
ank move arm
apu move alb via convoy
bal move den
bla support bul
bot move bal
bul support gre
gal move ukr
gre support bul
ion move eas
lon move nth
lvn move mos
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos move sev
nth move nrg
rum hold
ser support apu move alb
sev move arm
tri support ser
tun support tys move ion
tyr move pie
tys move ion
vie support bud
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move gre
ank move arm
bal move ber
bla support bul
bre move mid
bul support gre
den move nth
eas move smy
gre support bul
ion support alb move gre
lvn move mos
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth move nrg
nrg move nat
par move bur
pie move tus
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
tri move ven
tun move tys
ukr move rum
wes move tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tus
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tus
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move syr
aeg support bul
ank move smy
bla support bul
bul hold
bur move mar
eas convoy ven move syr
gal move ukr
gre support rum move bul
ion convoy ven move syr
lvn move war
gol move tys
mar move gol
mos move lvn
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
tun support gol move tys
tyr move ven
ukr move sev
ven move syr via convoy
wes move tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army syr
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tus
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
eas support ion move aeg
gal move ukr
gre support rum move bul
ion move aeg
lvn move war
nat move iri
nrg move nat
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
smy move ank
syr move arm
tun support adr move ion
tys support adr move ion
ukr move sev
war move sil
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army syr
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tus
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army syr
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tus
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
ank move arm
bla support con
eas support gre move smy
gal move ukr
gre move smy via convoy
ion convoy mar move gre
gol convoy mar move gre
mar move gre via convoy
sev move arm
syr support gre move smy
tys convoy mar move gre
ukr move rum
war move gal
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army syr
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tus
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move con
ank support con
ber support sil move kie
bla support con
bul move ser
con support ank
eas support smy
gal move boh
gre move con via convoy
iri support nat move mid
lon hold
nat move mid
nth move hol
rum support bul move ser
sev move arm
smy support gre move con
syr move arm
tus move pie
ukr move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
England: army ser
France: army/dislodged ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army syr
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
ser move tri
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: army smy
France: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet edi
remove ion
build Army lvp
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: army smy
France: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank move arm
ber move kie
boh move mun
con move bul/sc
eas move ion
edi move nth
eng move bre
gal move bud
gre move ser
hol support ber move kie
iri move eng
kie move ruh
lon hold
lvp move yor
gol support ven move pie
mid move por
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum support gal move bud
ser support gal move bud
sev move arm
sil move boh
smy move con
spa/sc hold
syr move smy
tri support gre move ser
tun move wes
tys support tun move wes
ven move pie
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
France: supply bud
England: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
England: army/dislodged ser
England: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army smy
France: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
England: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
France: supply bud
England: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
England: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army smy
France: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
alb move gre
ank move con
boh move gal
bud support rum move ser
bul/sc support ank move con
con move smy
eng convoy lon move bre
ion move tys
kie hold
lon move bre via convoy
gol support pie move mar
mar move gas
mun hold
nth convoy yor move bel
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
ruh move bur
rum move ser
ser support tri move bud
sev move arm
smy move gre via convoy
spa/sc hold
tri move bud
tus move ven
tys move wes
vie support tri move bud
wes move mid
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
England: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: army gas
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
France: army smy
France: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
