PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
gal move bud
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move mun
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
tri hold
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bar support nwy move stp
bel move pic
ber move pru
bla support rum
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
con hold
gre move aeg
hol move hel
kie move den
lon move nth
mos move stp
mun hold
nth move ska
nwy move stp
par move bur
pic move bel
por move mid
rom move tus
rum support bud move ser
ser support tri move bud
smy move aeg
spa hold
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tun move wes
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie support tri move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bar support stp
bel move ruh
bla convoy rum move arm
boh move sil
bre move par
bud support tri move ser
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move ank
den hold
fin support nwy move swe
gal move war
gre support ser move bul
hel move kie
mid move naf
mos move stp
mun move sil
nth support ska move nwy
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pru move war
rum move arm via convoy
ser move bul
ska move nwy
smy move eas
stp support ska move nwy
tri move ser
tus move pie
tyr move ven
vie support bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move rum
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove fin
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
remove swe
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
arm move ank
bar move stp/nc
bel move ruh
bla support arm move ank
boh move sil
bud move gal
bul move con
bur support bel move ruh
con move bul
den move hol via convoy
eas move smy
gal move war
gre support ser move bul
kie move bal
lvp move yor
mid move spa/nc
mar hold
mos move war
mun move sil
naf move tun
nth convoy den move hol
nwy move ska
par move pic
pie move mar
pru move war
ruh support den move hol
rum move sev
ser move bul
spa move por
stp move lvn
tri move alb
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move rum
gal move ukr
ruh move kie
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank hold
bal move ber
bla support rum move sev
boh support mun
bul move rum
bur support ruh
con move ank
gal move bud
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lvn support pru move war
mar support por move spa
mos support ukr move war
mun support kie move ruh
nth convoy yor move swe
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move spa
pru move war
ruh support pic move bel
rum move sev
sev hold
ska convoy yor move swe
smy move aeg
spa/nc move por
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie move tri
yor move swe via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bla
build Fleet lon
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber move kie
boh move gal
bud move gal
bul/sc move con
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lon move eng
lvn support pru move war
mar support por move spa
mos support ukr move war
mun support kie move ruh
nth support hol move bel
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move spa
pru move war
ruh move mun
sev move arm
swe move fin
tri move alb
tun move tys
tyr move vie
ukr move war
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
bel hold
boh move gal
bud move tri
bul/sc support alb move gre
bur support mun move ruh
con move ank
eng move bre
fin move stp
gre move bul/sc
ion support alb move gre
kie move hol
lvn support fin move stp
mar support por move spa
mos support ukr move war
mun move ruh
nth move hol
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move spa
pru move war
ruh support bel
sil support pru move war
ska move den
spa/nc move por
stp/nc move nwy
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ukr move war
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move aeg
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army bud
remove bur
build Army edi
remove gal
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move pic
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul/sc move aeg
con hold
den move kie
gre move bul
ion move tun
kie move hol
lvn move mos
lvp move iri
mar support por move spa
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move rom
nth move eng
nwy move nth
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move spa
pru move war
ruh support pic move bel
rum move gal
sil support pru move war
smy support ank move con
spa/nc move por
stp support lvn move mos
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move ven
ukr support war
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
mos move sev
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support ruh move bur
bul support gal move rum
bur move par
con hold
edi move bel via convoy
eng support edi move bel
gal move rum
hol support edi move bel
iri move mid
lvn support ukr move mos
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun hold
nth convoy edi move bel
pie move mar
por move spa
ruh move bur
sev support ukr move mos
sil support war
smy move arm
spa/nc move por
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr move mos
ven move rom
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
ven move apu
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove mar
remove pie
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move bur
boh support tyr move mun
bud move gal
bul hold
bur move par
con hold
edi move hol via convoy
eng convoy lon move bre
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie support edi move hol
lon move bre via convoy
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move iri
mid support lon move bre
mos move stp
mun support sil move boh
nth convoy edi move hol
par support bel move pic
pic support bur move par
por move spa
rom move tys
rum support bud move gal
sev move ukr
sil move boh
spa/nc move por
tun support ion move tys
tyr move mun
ven move apu
vie support bud move gal
war support stp move mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
par move gas
stp move nwy
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel hold
boh support tyr move mun
bul support rum
bur move bel
con hold
eng support bre
gal move sil
hol support bur move bel
iri move mid
lvn move war
gol support mid move spa
mid move spa/sc
mun hold
nth support bur move bel
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
por move spa
rom move tus
rum hold
sev move mos
sil move war
spa/nc move por
stp move mos
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys support apu move nap
ukr support lvn move war
vie move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move bur
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army edi
remove gas
build Army mos
remove pru
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
boh move sil
bre support bel move pic
bul support rum
con move bul
edi move den via convoy
eng support bel move pic
gal support boh move sil
hol move kie
kie move bal
gol move mar
mid support bre
mos move sev
mun support sil move ber
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move den
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
por move spa
rum hold
sev move rum
sil move mun
stp move lvn
tri move adr
tus move gol
tyr move pie
tys support tus move gol
ukr support sev move rum
vie move boh
war move gal
wes support por move spa
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army/dislodged pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal support kie move ber
boh move mun
bre support pic move par
bul support ser move rum
con move bul
den move kie
eng support mid
gal support ser move rum
kie move ber
lvn move stp
gol move mar
mid move por
mun move ber
nth convoy nwy move hol
nwy move hol via convoy
par move bur
pic move par
pie support gol move mar
rom hold
rum move bud
ser move rum
sev support rum
sil support mun move ber
spa support gol move mar
tys move gol
ukr support war
vie move bud
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove mar
build Army mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy den move pru
boh move sil
bre move par
bul support ser move rum
bur move gas
con support rum move bul
den move pru via convoy
edi move bel via convoy
eng move mid
gal support ser move rum
hol support edi move bel
ion move aeg
kie move mun
lvp move iri
gol support wes move spa
mos move sev
mun support boh move sil
nth convoy edi move bel
par move gas
pie move mar
por support eng move mid
rom move tus
rum move bul
ser move rum
sev move arm
sil move war
stp move mos
ukr move rum
vie move bud
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move gre
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
arm move smy
bal move ber
bel support hol move ruh
boh move sil
bre move gas
bud support gal
bul move ser
con support bul
gal support boh move sil
gre move bul
hol move ruh
iri move mid
kie move mun
lon move hol via convoy
gol move wes
mid hold
mar support spa/sc
mos support war
mun support boh move sil
nth convoy lon move hol
par support bre move gas
pru support bal move ber
ser support gre move bul
sev move rum
sil support kie move mun
spa/sc hold
tus move pie
ukr support sev move rum
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Fleet lon
build Fleet sev
remove sil
build Army stp
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
boh move sil
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
con move bul
gal support ser move rum
mar support mun move bur
mos move sev
mun move bur
pie move mar
rum move gal
ser move rum
sev move bla
smy support con
spa/sc move wes
stp move fin
tri move tyr
ukr support rum move gal
vie support gal
war support rum move gal
wes move naf
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
