PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla convoy con move sev
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move sev via convoy
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move vie
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
spa move mar
stp move fin
tri move vie
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla support sev move rum
bud support vie move gal
bul support sev move rum
con support bul
den hold
edi move nrg
fin move nwy
gal support rum
gre move aeg
hol move bel
kie move hol
mar support pic move bur
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
nwy hold
par move gas
pic move bur
pie move mar
por move mid
ruh support hol move bel
rum support mos move sev
ser move gre
sev move rum
smy move aeg
swe support fin move nwy
tri move ser
tun move wes
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support nwy move stp
bel support ruh move bur
bla support bul move rum
bud move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
fin move stp
gal support bud move rum
gas move mar
gre move aeg
hol support bel
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
mun support ruh move bur
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
ser move bul
smy move aeg
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tys move gol
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Army par
remove ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp
bel support bur
bla support con move bul
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur move gas
con move bul
den hold
edi move nth
fin move stp
gal support bud move rum
gas move bur
gre move aeg
hol move ruh
kie move hol
gol support pie move mar
mid move naf
mos support fin move stp
mun support bur
nth move ska
nwy support stp
par support gas move bur
pic support gas move bur
pie move mar
ser support bud move rum
sev hold
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
tri hold
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp
bel support ruh move bur
bla support con move bul
bul move rum
bur support spa move mar
con move bul
den hold
fin move nwy
gal support rum
gre move aeg
hol support bel
gol move spa/sc
mar support ruh move bur
mos move stp
mun support ruh move bur
naf move wes
nwy support ska move swe
par support bur
pic support bur
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
ska move swe
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp move fin
swe move ska
tri move ven
ven hold
war move sil
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bur
build Fleet nap
remove sil
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp
bel support ruh move bur
ber move kie
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
fin move stp
gal move war
gre move aeg
hol support bel
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mos move war
mun support ruh move bur
naf move mid
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic support par move bur
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
ska support nwy move swe
smy move aeg
spa hold
stp move fin
tri move ven
vie move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bud
spa move gas
swe move bot
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp
bel move pic
bla support rum
bot convoy fin move lvn
bud move rum
bur support bel move pic
con move bul
fin move lvn via convoy
gal support bud move rum
gas move bur
gre move aeg
hol hold
ion move tun
kie support den
mar support wes move spa
mos support sev
mun support bur
naf move tun
nwy support stp
par support gas move bur
pic support gas move bur
rum support con move bul
ser support bud move rum
sev hold
ska support swe
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
stp hold
swe hold
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
ven move tus
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
remove gas
build Fleet lon
remove pic
build Army rom
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar support stp
bel move pic
bla move bul/ec
bul move gre
bur support bel move par
gal move ukr
gre support ser move bul
ion support bul move gre
kie support den
lon move nth
lvn move war
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nwy move nrg
par move gas
por move mid
rom move ven
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
ska move den
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
stp hold
swe support ska move den
tri move adr
tus support rom move ven
tyr move pie
ukr move gal
ven support tyr move pie
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
ven move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bar move nwy
bla support ukr move sev
bul move con
bur move par
den hold
gal move rum
gas move bre
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie support den
mid move iri
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nth support ska move den
nrg move nat
pic move bre
rum move bul
sev support mos move ukr
ska move den
stp hold
swe support ska move den
tri move ven
tun hold
tus support ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr move sev
ven support mun move tyr
war support mos move ukr
wes support ion move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move hel
sev move arm
tun move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
remove gas
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support gre move bul
alb move gre
bel move hol
bla move rum
bul support alb move gre
con move smy
gre move bul
hel move den
iri move mid
kie support hel move den
lon move eng
mun hold
nat move lvp
nap move apu
nwy move ska
par move bre
pic move bel
rum support ukr move sev
spa move mar
stp move mos
swe support den
tri move ven
tun move tys
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys move tus
ukr move mos
ven support mun move tyr
war move gal
wes support tun move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move ser
ven move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
aeg move gre
apu support rom move ven
bla support sev move rum
bre hold
bul support aeg move gre
den move hel
eng move bel
gal move vie
gre support ser move bul
hel move kie
hol support bel
kie move mun
lvp move iri
mid move eng
mar move pie
mun move boh
nth support eng move bel
pie move ven
rom move ven
rum support ser move bul
sev move rum
ska hold
smy hold
stp move mos
swe move bal
tus move rom
tyr move tri
tys move rom
ukr move mos
ven move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move ion
rum move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
remove ion
build Army mos
remove tun
remove tus
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
ank support bla move con
apu support rom move ven
bal move kie
bel support hol
ber move bal
bla move con
boh move sil
bre hold
bud move rum
bul support rum move ser
eng support iri move mid
hel support bal move kie
hol support bel
iri move mid
kie support ber move bal
mid move eng
mar move pie
mos support ukr move sev
mun move ruh
nth move den
rom move ven
rum move ser
ser support bud move rum
ska move swe
smy move ank
stp hold
tyr support rom move ven
tys move ion
ukr move sev
vie move tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
mid move por
ser move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
apu move adr
bal move kie
bel hold
ber support bal move kie
bre hold
bul move rum
con support ank move smy
den support kie
eng move mid
gre move alb
hel support kie
hol support bal move kie
ion support apu move adr
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos move stp
por hold
ruh support bal move kie
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
sil move mun
swe move bal
tri move vie
tyr move vie
ven support tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Austria: army/dislodged smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
remove pie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb support tri
ank move bla
bal support den move kie
bel move pic
ber support kie move bal
bud move tri
con move aeg
den move kie
edi move nth
hel support den move kie
hol support mun move kie
ion hold
kie move bal
lon move eng
mid support spa/sc move por
mar support por move spa
mun move kie
por move spa/sc
ruh support mun move kie
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
smy move arm
spa/sc move por
tyr move vie
ven move tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet/dislodged bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move swe
bud move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move gre
alb support tri
arm move sev
bal move den
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
bud move vie
den move kie
eng support nth move bel
gal move bud
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie move hol
mid support spa/sc move por
mar support por move spa
mos move war
nth move bel
pic support bre
por move spa/sc
ruh support kie move hol
rum support arm move sev
sev move arm
spa/sc move por
swe support den
tri move ser
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army con
remove gal
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move gre
alb move tri
bal move den
ber support kie
bla support con move bul
bud support alb move tri
con move bul
den support swe move bal
eng move bre
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion move eas
kie support bal move den
lon move nth
mid move por
mar support por move spa
mos support war move lvn
nap move ion
pic support hol move bel
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
ruh support hol move bel
rum move gal
ser move gre
sev move rum
smy move eas
spa/sc move mid
swe move bal
tri support ser move bud
vie support ser move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
den move swe
tri move ven
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support ven move tri
bal move kie
bel move hol
ber move bal
bla move sev
bre move pic
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
eng move bel
gal move vie
hol support eng move bel
ion support ser move gre
kie support den
lvn move stp
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos support lvn move stp
nap move apu
nth support swe move den
pic move bel
por support mid move spa
ruh support bel move hol
rum support bul move ser
ser move gre
smy move eas
spa/sc support tys move wes
swe move den
tri move alb
tys move wes
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move ska
hol move hel
stp move nwy
tri move adr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove mar
remove pic
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support eas move ion
alb support tyr move tri
apu move ven
bal move swe
ber support kie
bre move mid
bud support ser move tri
con move bul
den move kie
eas move ion
eng move bel
gre support tri move ser
hel support den move kie
hol support kie
ion move adr
mid move naf
mos support war move ukr
nth support eng move bel
nwy support bal move swe
por support bre move mid
ruh support kie
rum move gal
ser move tri
ska move nth
tri move ser
tyr move tri
vie move tyr
war move ukr
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move nap
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
alb support tri
bel support hel move hol
ber support kie
bud support adr move tri
bul support aeg move gre
den move kie
gal move war
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie support ska move den
mid support naf move wes
naf move wes
nap move ion
nth support hel move hol
nwy hold
por move spa/sc
ruh support hol move bel
ser support adr move tri
sev move rum
ska move den
spa/sc support wes move mid
swe support nwy
tri hold
tyr move mun
ven support tri
vie support adr move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
bel move eng
den move bal
tri move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bal
build Fleet con
remove mun
build Fleet smy
remove ukr
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
bel move hol
ber move bal
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
con move aeg
den move nth
eng support hol move bel
gre move ion
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move mun
mid support por move spa
mos move sev
nth support hol move bel
por move spa/sc
ruh support bel move hol
rum move bla
ser move tri
smy move eas
spa/sc move mar
stp move lvn
swe move den
tri move adr
tun support gre move ion
tyr move vie
tys support ion move tun
ven move tri
vie support ser move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support ion move gre
arm move sev
bal support den
bel support ruh move hol
bla move bul/ec
bud move tri
eas move ion
eng move bel
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
ion move gre
lvn move war
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support tyr
naf move wes
nth move den
nwy move stp
ruh move hol
rum support arm move sev
sev move arm
tri move ven
tun support tys
tyr move ven
tys support tun
ven move adr
vie move tyr
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: fleet/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
sev move ukr
ven move apu
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet ber
build Army con
build Fleet lon
remove mar
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion move apu
aeg support gre move ion
apu support tyr move ven
bal move den
ber move kie
bla convoy con move rum
con move rum via convoy
den move hel
gre move ion
hol support bel
ion move apu
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
rum move gal
sev move ukr
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ukr move mos
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war support ukr move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Italy: fleet/dislodged apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
tyr move pie
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
bla support rum move sev
den support hel move nth
eng support lon move nth
gal support ukr move war
hel move nth
hol support bel
ion move nap
kie support den
gol move mar
mos move stp
mun hold
nap support rom
nth move ska
pie move tyr
rom support nap
rum move sev
spa/sc support gol move mar
stp move mos
swe move den
tun move ion
tyr support vie move boh
tys move rom
ukr move war
ven support tys move rom
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap disband
rom disband
war move pru
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army con
remove pru
build Fleet smy
remove tun
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move sev via convoy
apu move nap
bel move pic
ber support mun
bla convoy ank move sev
boh support gal move sil
con move bul
eng move iri
gal move sil
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie support den
lon move nth
mid move nat
mos move ukr
nap move tys
nth move edi
rom move tus
sev move ukr
ska support lon move nth
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
tyr support ven move pie
ven move pie
war move pru
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
bel move hol
ber support mun
bla convoy ank move rum
boh support tyr move mun
bul move ser
edi move nth
ion move tun
iri move lvp
kie support den
mid move bre
mos move sev
mun support ber
nat move nrg
nap move tys
nth support ska move den
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru support sil move ber
sev move mos
sil move ber
ska move den
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe support ska move den
tun move naf
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys move wes
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
