PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move con
apu move ven
bla support sev move rum
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul/ec
den hold
eng support yor move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
mun move bur
nth support yor move bel
par move gas
pic move bel
ser support con move bul
sev move rum
tri move ven
tyr move vie
ukr support sev move rum
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven
ank support bul/ec move bla
apu move ven
bel support yor move hol
bla support rum
bre move mid
bul/ec move bla
bur move bel
con support gre move bul
den move ska
eng move nth
gas move par
gre move bul
hol support bur move bel
kie move ruh
mun move bur
nth move nrg
pie move mar
rom support apu move ven
rum support ukr move gal
ser move bud
sev support bla
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri support ser move bud
tun move ion
ukr move gal
ven move rom
vie move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
ven move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move con
ank move bla
bel support hol
bla move rum
bud move rum
bul/ec support bud move rum
bur move gas
con move smy
eng move mid
gal support rum move bud
gre support bul/ec
hol support bel
ion move adr
lon move nwy via convoy
mid move por
mar hold
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg support lon move nwy
nwy move swe
par hold
rom support ven
ruh move mun
rum move bud
sev move bla
ska support lon move nwy
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr move vie
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ser
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy move arm
bel move pic
bla move rum
bud move tri
bul/ec move bla
con support bul/ec move bla
den support swe
gal move sil
gas support mun move bur
gre move bul
hol move kie
ion move adr
lvp move iri
mid move bre
mar move spa
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth support ska move den
nrg move nat
nwy move swe
par support mid move bre
por support mar move spa
rom move ven
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev support bla move rum
ska move den
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
swe support den
tri move vie
ven move tyr
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
tri move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb move ser
ank support bla
arm move sev
bal move ber
bla support ser move rum
bot move stp/sc
bre hold
bul support ser move rum
bur hold
con move aeg
den hold
gas hold
ion move aeg
iri support nat move mid
kie hold
nat move mid
nth support den
nwy move swe
par support bre
pic hold
por move mid
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev move rum
sil move mun
spa move mar
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tyr move vie
ukr support sev
ven move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
remove den
remove gas
remove kie
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move ser
ank move arm
arm move sev
ber move bal
bla support arm move sev
bre support por move mid
bud move ser
bul support rum
con move aeg
gal move ukr
ion move eas
iri move eng
mid move nat
mar move spa
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy move swe
par move bur
por move mid
rum support bud move ser
sev move rum
swe move nwy
tri move bud
ukr support sev move rum
vie support tri move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bal move swe
bla support arm move sev
bud hold
bul move ser
bur move mun
eng move nth
gal move bud
hel move hol
mid support spa
nat move nrg
nwy move swe
ruh move mun
rum support bul move ser
sev move mos
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
ukr move mos
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet edi
remove gal
remove kie
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm move bla
bal move bot
bla move con
bot move stp/sc
bre move eng
bud support alb move tri
bur support par move pic
con move bul
eas move aeg
edi move nrg
gre support smy move aeg
hol move kie
ion support eas move aeg
mid support bre move eng
mos support war move ukr
nth support den
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
par move pic
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move mos
smy move aeg
spa move mar
swe move nwy
ven move adr
vie support bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army/dislodged pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pic disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
bar move nwy
bla support sev
bot support stp/sc
bud support tri
bul support ser
bur support pic move bel
con move aeg
eas move aeg
eng support pic move bel
gre support con move aeg
hol move bel
ion support eas move aeg
mid move iri
mar support bur
mos move sev
nth move lon
nrg convoy nwy move cly
nwy move cly via convoy
pic move bel
ruh move kie
rum move bud
ser support rum
sev support rum
smy move eas
tri support adr move alb
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie support bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove den
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
bel support bur move ruh
bla support sev
bot move swe
bre move pic
bud support vie move gal
bul move con
bur move ruh
cly move lvp
con move ank
eas move aeg
eng support bel
gre move bul/sc
hol support nwy move nth
ion support eas move aeg
iri move nat
kie move mun
lon move eng
mar move bur
mos move sev
nrg move nat
nwy move nth
rum move bud
ser move gre
sev support rum
smy move syr
swe move den
tri support bud
tyr hold
ukr support war move gal
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move gre
ank move arm
bel support ruh
bla support rum
bud support tri move ser
bul/sc move con
bur move mun
con move ank
den move kie
eng support bel
gal move rum
gre move bul
hol move bel
ion support alb move gre
iri move nat
lon move eng
mos move sev
mun support den move kie
nth support hol move bel
nrg move nat
pic support eng
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ser
sev support rum
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
syr move eas
tri move ser
tyr support mun
ukr support gal move rum
vie support bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
remove con
remove eas
build Fleet edi
remove gas
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army stp
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel move eng
bla support sev
bot move swe
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
den support nth
edi move cly
eng support pic move bel
gre move ion
ion move tun
iri support eng
kie support nth move hol
lon support bel move eng
lvp move wal
mos support rum move sev
mun support tyr
nap move tys
nth support bel move eng
nrg move nat
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh support pic move bel
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev support bul move rum
smy hold
stp move lvn
tyr support mun
ukr support rum move sev
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move mid
rum move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel support mid move eng
bla support rum
boh support bud move vie
bud move vie
bur support bel
cly move lvp
den move hel
eng convoy wal move pic
gal support ukr move rum
ion move tys
iri support mid move eng
kie move den
lon support eng
lvn move war
mid move eng
mos move sev
mun move kie
nat move mid
nth support eng
pie move mar
ruh move hol
rum support boh move gal
ser move bud
sev hold
sil move mun
swe move ska
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move rum
ven move tri
wal move pic
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove nat
remove pic
remove ska
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel support iri move eng
bla support rum
boh support vie move gal
bre support iri move eng
bud support vie move gal
bur move gas
con move bul
eng support lvp move iri
gal support war move sil
hol move ruh
iri move eng
kie support sil move mun
lon support eng
lvp move iri
gol support wes move spa
mid support iri move eng
mar move gas
mos support ukr
nth support eng
rum support vie move gal
sev hold
sil move mun
smy move aeg
tri move vie
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support gal
ven move pie
vie move gal
war support sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move wal
gal move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm support sev
bla support bul move rum
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bud support gal
bul move rum
bur move mun
den move ska
eng move bre
gal support rum move ukr
iri support wal move eng
kie support mun
lon support wal move eng
gol support wes move spa
mid move por
mar move gas
mos support ukr
mun support sil
nth support wal move eng
pie move mar
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil support war
spa/sc move por
tyr move mun
ukr support war
vie support gal
wal move eng
war support ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move pic
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
remove pic
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh support gal move sil
bud support rum move gal
bul move rum
bur move par
eng move bre
gal move sil
gas support eng move bre
hel move hol
iri support lon move eng
kie support mun
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mid move spa/nc
mar support gol move spa
mos support ukr
mun support sil
nap move tys
nth move bel
ruh move bur
rum move gal
sev move ukr
sil support mun
ska move den
spa/sc move mid
tyr move mun
ukr support war
vie support boh
war support ukr
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre disband
mid disband
sil move ber
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel hold
ber support mun
bla support arm move sev
boh move sil
bud support gal
bur hold
den move bal
eng move bel
gal support sev move ukr
gas move par
gre move aeg
hol support nth move bel
kie support mun
mid move nat
mar move bur
mos support ukr
mun support ber
nth support eng move bel
par hold
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
sil move pru
spa/sc move por
tyr support vie move boh
tys move wes
ukr support war
vie move boh
war support ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army stp
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bal move pru
ber support bal move pru
bla support sev
boh support sil move mun
bud support gal
edi move nth
gal support rum move ukr
gas support mar move bur
hol move hel
iri support lon move eng
kie support mun
lon move eng
mid move nat
mar move bur
mos support war
mun support ber
nat move nrg
nap move tys
nth move nwy
par move bur
por move spa/nc
pru move ber
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil move mun
stp move lvn
tyr support sil move mun
ukr support war
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged pru
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
pru move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move hol
ber move mun
bla support ank move con
boh support mun
bud move vie
bur support gas move par
eng move nth
gal support sil move war
gas move par
iri move eng
kie support ber move mun
lvn move pru
mid move nat
mun hold
nat move nrg
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
par hold
pru move ber
ruh support ber move mun
sev move mos
sil move war
spa/nc move mid
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr support sil move war
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
par disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove hel
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
remove pru
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar support nwy move stp
bla hold
boh move sil
bre move eng
bur move ruh
con move smy
edi support lon move nth
eng move bel
gal move war
hol support eng move bel
lon move nth
mid support nat
mun support bur move ruh
nat support nrg
nap move tys
nth move hel
nrg support nat
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
rom hold
sev move mos
swe move den
tyr support mun
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tri
vie move boh
war move pru
wes support mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
