PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap move tys
par move bur
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move con
bot move swe
bul hold
bur move bel
con move smy
den hold
eng move bel
gal support rum
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move ruh
nth move hol
pie move tyr
rom move ven
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
stp move nwy
tys move tun
wal move bre via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army stp
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bud move ser
bur move bel
con move aeg
den move nth
eng move nth
gal hold
gre move aeg
kie move den
mun move boh
nap support tun move ion
nth move hel
nwy move swe
par move pic
por move mid
ruh move hol
rum support bul
ser move gre
sev move rum
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe move ska
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
wal move yor
war support gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bel hold
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud support tri
con move aeg
den hold
eng move nth
gal hold
gre support ser move bul
hel move hol
hol hold
ion move alb
kie support den
mid support bre move eng
mar move bur
nap move ion
nwy move stp
pic support bel
ser move bul
sev move rum
ska move nwy
swe hold
tri support vie
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support tri
war support gal
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army mun
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb support ion move gre
bel hold
boh support mun move tyr
bud support tri
bul move ser
bur support bel
con move bul/ec
den hold
eng convoy pic move lon
gal hold
gre move bul/sc
hel support nth move den
hol hold
ion move gre
kie support den
mid move iri
mar support bur
mun move tyr
nth move den
nwy move nrg
pic move lon
rum move bla
sev move rum
smy move con
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war support gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul/ec move gre
alb support gre
bel hold
bla convoy rum move ank
boh support tyr move vie
bud support tri
bur support bel
con move bul
den hold
eng convoy pic move lvp
gal move rum
gre support alb
hel support nth move den
hol hold
iri convoy pic move lvp
kie support den
mar hold
nth move den
nrg convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi via convoy
pic move lvp
pie support ven
rum move ank via convoy
ser support tri
swe move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move vie
ven support pie
vie move tyr
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove hel
build Fleet nap
remove nth
build Army sev
build Army stp
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb support ven move tri
ank move con
bel support bur
bla support ank move con
bre move eng
bud support tri
bul/ec support con
bur support bel
con support bul/ec
den move ska
edi hold
eng move nth
gal move rum
gre support alb
iri move nat
lon hold
nap move ion
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
pie support ven
rum move bul
ser support tri
sev move arm
stp move nwy
tri support vie
ven move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move smy
bla support rum move bul
bud move rum
bul/ec support bud move rum
con support arm move smy
edi hold
gal move rum
lon hold
nat move nrg
nrg hold
nwy hold
rum move bul
ser support bud move rum
smy move con
swe hold
tri support vie
vie support tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move eas
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove eas
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
bla support sev move rum
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud support vie move gal
bul move ser
con support bul
edi hold
eng move iri
gal move bud
hol move kie
ion move eas
kie move ber
lon hold
lvp move wal
nat move nrg
nrg hold
nwy hold
pie support ven
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
ska move swe
smy support con
swe hold
tri support bud
tyr move boh
ven support pie
vie move gal
war support gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
bla support rum
boh hold
bud move rum
bul hold
con move bul
eas move syr
edi hold
eng move lon
gal support sil move war
gre move aeg
ion move eas
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon move yor
mar hold
nat move nrg
nrg move nat
nwy support swe
rum hold
ser support bul
sil move war
ska move nth
smy hold
swe support nwy
ukr move gal
wal support eng move lon
war support ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support syr move smy
bla move bul/ec
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con move ank
eas support syr move smy
edi move yor
gal move ukr
lon move nth
lvp move cly
nat support nth move nrg
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
pru move lvn
rum move sev
ser support bud move rum
sil move pru
smy move arm
swe move nwy
syr move smy
ukr move mos
wal move lvp
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move smy
arm move syr
bla hold
boh move sil
bul support rum
cly move edi
eas support smy
eng move lon
gal move ukr
lvp support cly move edi
mar move spa
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
pru move war
rum support gal move ukr
ser support rum
sev move arm
sil support pru move war
stp move fin
ukr move gal
war move lvn
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
ukr disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
remove ank
remove arm
remove bar
build Army ber
remove bla
build Army bud
remove fin
build Fleet kie
remove lvn
build Fleet mar
remove mos
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove stp
remove syr
remove yor
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
ber move pru
boh move gal
bud move vie
con move ank
den move swe
eas move smy
edi move yor
eng move lon
kie move hel
lvp support edi move yor
mar move gol
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nwy support den move swe
rum support ukr move sev
ser move gre
sil move war
ska move swe
smy move con
spa move mar
stp move fin
ukr move sev
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Russia: army/dislodged yor
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
yor disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
fin support lvn move stp
gal move ukr
hel move den
ion move gre
lon support yor move nth
lvn move stp
lvp move yor
mos move ukr
nrg hold
nwy hold
pie support rom move ven
pru move lvn
rom move ven
rum support vie move gal
sil move gal
swe hold
syr move smy
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war support pru move lvn
yor move nth
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
gal move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove fin
build Army mun
remove syr
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
boh move mun
bud move ser
con move bul/sc
den move swe
gal move boh
lon move nth
lvn move mos
mos support stp
mun move kie
nth move hel
pie move tyr
rum move sev
sev move arm
sil move ber
smy move aeg
stp support mos
swe move fin
tri support vie
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
war support lvn move mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move ank
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla move ank
boh move tyr
bul support gre
bur move mun
fin move stp
gre support bul
hel support ska move den
ion move adr
kie move den
lvn move mos
mos move war
mun move boh
nth support bel move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move nth
pie move ven
ser support bul
sev move rum
ska move den
stp move fin
swe support kie move den
tri support boh move tyr
tyr support pie move ven
ven move apu
vie support tri
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mos move ukr
tyr move pie
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army bre
build Army par
remove ukr
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
apu move alb via convoy
arm move sev
ber move kie
bla move ank
bre move pic
bul support gre
con move bul/ec
fin support mos move stp
gre support bul
hel support mun move kie
hol support mun move kie
kie move den
mos move stp
mun move kie
nth support ska move nwy
nrg support ska move nwy
nwy move nth
par move bur
pie support ven
rum support arm move sev
ser move alb
ska move nwy
stp move lvn
swe move ska
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
vie support tri
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move swe
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
ank move bla
apu move alb via convoy
ber move kie
bur move mun
den hold
fin move nwy
gre move alb
hel move den
hol support kie
kie support bur move mun
lvn move mos
nth support hel move den
nrg support nwy
pic move bel
pie support ven
rum move ukr
ser support tri
sev support lvn move mos
sil move mun
ska support den
smy move aeg
stp hold
swe support fin move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
vie move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove fin
build Army par
remove sil
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
aeg support con move bul
apu move alb via convoy
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla support con move bul
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul/ec
den support ber move kie
gal move war
gre move ser
hel move den
hol support kie
kie support bur move mun
mos move sev
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
pie support ven
ser move bud
sev support ukr move mos
ska support swe move nwy
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mos disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move gre
ber move kie
bla support bul/ec
bud support vie move tri
bur move mun
den hold
hel move den
hol support kie
kie support hel move den
mid move wes
mos hold
nth move ska
nrg support nwy
nwy support nth move ska
par move bur
pie support ven move tyr
ruh support bur move mun
rum hold
ser support rum
sev move arm
ska move nth
stp hold
swe move nwy
tyr support vie move tri
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move boh
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove den
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
alb support tyr move tri
arm move smy
bla move ank
boh move tyr
bud support tri
bur support mun
gre move aeg
hel move den
hol support kie
kie support hel move den
gol support wes
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move ion
nth support hel move den
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pie move tyr
ruh support mun
rum support ser
ser support tri
ska move den
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri support boh move tyr
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
war move mos
wes support gol
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move vie
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move smy
alb move ser
ber move kie
boh move vie
bud move gal
bur move mun
den support nth move ska
hol support kie
ion move gre
kie support mun move ber
gol support wes
mun move ber
nth move ska
nrg support nwy
nwy support nth move ska
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
ska move den
smy move con
stp move mos
swe move nwy
ven support tri
vie move tyr
wes support gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
remove stp
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb support tri move ser
arm support con move ank
ber move sil
bre move mid
bul/ec move con
con move ank
den support nwy move swe
gal move bud
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
kie move ber
mos move war
mun support ber move sil
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move tyr
pru move ber
ruh support mun
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
ska support nwy move swe
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tyr move tri
ven move tri
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Austria: army ank
Italy: fleet/dislodged ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
swe move bal
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Austria: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb support ser
ank move con
arm move ank
bal move ber
bla move ank
bud support tyr move tri
bur support mun
con support bla move ank
den move bal
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
kie move ber
lon move nwy
mun support sil
nth convoy lon move nwy
pie move tyr
pru support bal move ber
ruh support mun
rum move bul
sil support kie move ber
swe support den move bal
tyr move tri
ven move tri
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bal
Germany: fleet/dislodged bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army par
remove pru
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb support ser
arm move smy
bal support swe move bot
bud support rum move ser
bur support mun
con move bla
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
kie move ber
mid move naf
mun support sil
nap move ion
nth hold
nwy move stp
par move pic
ruh support mun
rum move ser
ska move swe
swe move bot
tri support rum move ser
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bot
Germany: fleet/dislodged bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support ser
arm move sev
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
bla move rum
bot move stp/sc
bud support rum move ser
bur support mun
gal move ukr
kie move ber
mun support sil
naf move tun
pic move bel
ruh support mun
rum move ser
sil move war
stp move mos
swe move bot
tyr support tri
vie move tyr
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/sc
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
