PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur support yor move bel
con move bul/sc
gal move bud
ion move gre
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
ruh move bel
rum support bul
ser move bud
smy move con
spa move por
stp move fin
tus move pie
ven move tyr
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support bur move ruh
ber move pru
bud support vie move gal
bul support gal move rum
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den move bal
fin support stp/nc move nwy
gal move rum
hol support ruh move bel
ion move gre
mar hold
nth support nwy move ska
nwy move ska
par move bur
pie move ven
por move spa
ruh move bel
rum move bla
ser support ion move gre
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc move nwy
swe support nwy move ska
tri move alb
tyr move boh
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
alb move ion
bal move den
bel move hol
bla support rum
boh support mun
bud support gal move rum
bul support smy move gre
bur support ruh move mun
fin support nwy
gal move rum
gre support ser move bul
hol move kie
mar move gol
mun hold
nth support ska move den
nwy hold
pic move bre
pru support gal move war
ruh move mun
ser move bul
ska move den
smy move gre
spa move gas
swe support ska move den
ven move pie
wes move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bla move rum
boh move tyr
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur support ruh move bel
con move bul
den move hel
edi move bel
fin move swe
gal support bud move rum
gas move par
gre move bul/sc
hol support mun move ruh
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move iri
gol move mar
mos support war
mun move ruh
nth convoy edi move bel
pie move mar
pru move lvn
ruh move bel
rum move ukr
ser support bud move rum
smy move arm
swe move den
tun move wes
ven move pie
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move ion
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
arm move ank
bla move rum
bul move ser
bur support bel
edi move hol
eng support pic move bre
fin move stp
gal support rum
gre support bul move ser
hel support edi move hol
hol support bel
ion move gre
iri move mid
kie move den
lvn move war
gol move mar
mos support fin move stp
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy hold
par move bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
swe move den
tyr move ven
ukr support war
ven move pie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move ruh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove lvn
remove pie
build Fleet smy
remove stp
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bel move pic
bla support bul
bre move pic
bud support gal
bul move ser
bur move gas
eng support hol move bel
gal support rum
gre move alb
hel support swe move den
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie hold
gol move spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun support kie
nth support hol move bel
par support bur move gas
ruh move hol
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
smy move eas
spa/sc move por
swe move den
tri move alb
tun move ion
tyr move ven
ukr support war
ven move pie
war support ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bel support nth move hol
bla support sev move rum
bre move gas
bud support gal
bul support rum
bur move bel
con move bul
den move kie
eas move ion
eng move bre
gal support rum
gas move mar
gre move alb
hel support nth move hol
hol support bur move bel
kie support hol
gol move spa/sc
mid support bre move gas
mun support kie
nth move hol
nwy move swe
par move bre
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rum support bul
sev move rum
tri move ser
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move gre
hol move ruh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move ser
bel move ruh
bla support bul
bud support gal
bul support alb move ser
bur move mar
den support hel move kie
eas move ion
eng move bre
gal support bud
gas move spa
gre support ser
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion support gre
kie support ruh
gol move spa/sc
mid support gas move spa
mun support kie
par move bre
pie move mar
por support gol move spa/sc
ruh support kie
rum move bud
ser support tri move alb
sev support rum
stp/sc move lvn
swe move bal
tri move alb
tys move tun
ukr move gal
ven move rom
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move vie
ion move nap
kie move ber
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
alb move gre
bal move ber
bel move bur
ber support ruh move kie
bla support bul
bud support ser move rum
bul support ion move gre
bur move mar
eng move bre
gal move bud
gas support pie move mar
gre move ser
hol support kie
ion move gre
kie support bal move ber
lvn move pru
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mun support ruh move kie
nap move ion
par move bre
pie move mar
por support gol move spa/sc
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum move ser
ser move rum
sev support rum
tun support nap move ion
vie support bud
war support gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove ber
remove bur
build Fleet con
build Army lon
build Army nap
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support pru move ber
bel support lon move pic
bla support sev move rum
bud support ser
bul support rum move ser
con move aeg
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move bud
gas support mid move spa/nc
gre move alb
hol support kie
ion move gre
kie support bal move ber
lon move pic
mid move spa/nc
mar move bur
mun support ruh move kie
nap move apu
par move gas
por support spa/sc
pru move ber
rom move tys
ruh move kie
rum move ser
ser support ion move gre
sev move rum
smy move eas
spa/sc hold
tun move wes
ven move tyr
vie support bud
war support gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
apu move nap
bal move kie
bel move bur
ber support bal move kie
bla support rum
bud support vie
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move smy
den support bal move kie
eas move ion
eng move bre
gal move vie
gas support pic move par
hol support kie
ion move nap
kie hold
mid move por
par move gas
pic move par
por support spa/sc
ruh support mun
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
spa/sc support por
tri move ven
tyr support bur move mun
tys move gol
vie support bud
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hel
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove ion
remove gol
remove ruh
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
apu support tyr move ven
ber support kie
bla move bul/ec
bre move eng
bud move vie
bur move ruh
den move hel
eas support gre move ion
gal move boh
gas support mar move spa
gre move ion
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
kie move hol
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
mun move ruh
par move bur
por support spa/sc
rum support bud
ser move tri
sil support gal move boh
smy move aeg
spa/sc support por
stp/nc move nwy
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr move ven
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move gol
ven move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
aeg support con move bul
apu move rom
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud support gal move vie
bul/ec hold
bur support mun
con move bul
eas move ion
eng move nth
gal move vie
gas move mar
hel move nth
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move den
gol support por move spa/sc
mid support spa move por
mun hold
nth move den
nwy support hel move nth
par move pic
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
rum hold
ser move tri
sil support boh move mun
smy move con
spa move por
ven support apu move rom
vie move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Austria: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul/ec disband
nth move edi
rom disband
vie disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
remove gol
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy smy move tri
aeg convoy smy move tri
ber move bal
boh move mun
bud support smy move tri
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
hol support mun move kie
ion convoy smy move tri
kie move hel
lon support eng move nth
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun move kie
nth support kie move hel
nwy move nrg
pic move bel
por support spa
rom move nap
rum move gal
sil support boh move mun
smy move tri
spa move por
stp/nc move nwy
tri move tyr
tun move tys
vie support tri move tyr
war move pru
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move den
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
bal support hel move kie
bel move ruh
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur support ruh move mun
den support hel move kie
edi move nrg
eng support lon move nth
gal hold
gre move nap
hel move kie
hol support nth move hel
ion convoy gre move nap
kie support ruh move mun
lon move nth
gol move wes
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nth move hel
nrg move cly
nwy hold
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sil support mun
spa move por
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ven move pie
vie move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lvp
remove pie
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support gre move nap
bal support kie move den
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bul move ser
bur move mun
cly move edi
con move bul
den move ska
eng move wal
gal move war
gre move nap
hel support mun move kie
hol support mun move kie
ion convoy gre move nap
kie move den
lvp move edi
mun move kie
nth support nrg
nrg support nth
nwy support den move ska
por move mid
ruh support mun move kie
sil support ber move mun
stp/nc support nwy
tri move ven
tyr support ber move mun
tys support ven move rom
ven move rom
vie move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
apu move ion
bal support den
boh support mun
bur move mar
cly move edi
den hold
gal move war
hel move den
hol move hel
ion move tun
kie support hel move den
lvp move edi
mid move bre
mun support sil move ber
nth support hel move den
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
ruh support kie
ser move tri
sil move ber
ska support den
spa move mar
stp/nc support nwy
tyr support mun
tys support ion move tun
ven move pie
wal move lvp
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet smy
remove wal
remove wes
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre move eng
bul move ser
bur support kie move mun
cly support lvp move edi
con move bul
den support ber move kie
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move mun
mun support ber move kie
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move nth
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh support kie move mun
ska support den
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp/nc move bar
tun move wes
tyr support mun
tys move gol
war move lvn
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move swe
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support kie
bar support swe move nwy
ber support kie
boh support mun
bul move gre
bur move mun
cly move nrg
den support ska move nth
eng move lon
hel support ruh move kie
hol support ruh move kie
ion move tun
lvn hold
gol convoy nap move spa
mar support nap move spa
mun support kie
nap move spa via convoy
nth move den
nwy move stp/nc
ruh move kie
ser move tri
ska move nth
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tyr move vie
tys convoy nap move spa
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move yor
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove bur
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bal support kie
bar move nrg
ber support kie
bre move par
con move smy
den support nth
gre move spa via convoy
ion convoy gre move spa
kie support mun move ruh
lon move eng
lvn move stp
gol convoy gre move spa
mid support spa move por
mar move gas
mun move ruh
nth hold
nrg move cly
nwy support nth
pie move mar
por move spa
smy move aeg
spa move por
tri move ven
tun move wes
tys convoy gre move spa
ven move pie
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
England: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ruh disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move bre
bal move kie
ber support bal move kie
boh move mun
cly support nrg move edi
den move hel
eng move bel
gas support smy move bre
hel support hol move nth
hol move nth
ion convoy smy move bre
kie move hol
lvn move stp
gol support pie move mar
mid convoy smy move bre
mar move bur
nth support den move hel
nrg move edi
nwy support lvn move stp
par hold
pie move mar
ruh support kie move hol
smy move bre via convoy
tys convoy smy move bre
ven move rom
vie move boh
wes convoy smy move bre
yor support hol move nth
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Turkey: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
England: supply par
Turkey: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
nth move lon
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army con
remove hel
build Army mos
remove nth
build Fleet sev
build Army smy
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
ber move kie
boh move mun
bre support gas move par
bur move pic
cly move nat
den support nwy move nth
edi move cly
gas move par
hol support ruh move bel
kie move hel
lon move eng
lvp move wal
gol move wes
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nwy move nth
par move pic
ruh move bel
sev hold
spa move gas
stp move nwy
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
cly support nat move lvp
con move bul
den move hel
gas move par
hel move nth
hol support bel
ion convoy rom move gre
kie move ruh
lon support nth move eng
gol move wes
mid move eng
mun support kie move ruh
nat move lvp
nth move eng
par move pic
por move spa
rom move gre via convoy
smy move con
tys convoy rom move gre
wal move lon
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
