PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot convoy lvn move swe
bul move gre
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move bel via convoy
kie move hol
lvn move swe via convoy
mid move wes
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh support pic move bel
ser support alb move gre
smy move con
spa move mar
tys move tun
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel hold
ber support ruh move mun
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul support rum
con support bul
den move nth
edi move yor
gre hold
hol hold
kie hold
lon move nth
lvn move war
mar move gol
mos move stp
nth move ska
nwy move stp/nc
pie move mar
ruh move mun
ser support gre
smy move aeg
spa move mar
tri move alb
tun support rom move tys
ukr support rum
vie move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
alb support gre
bel hold
ber move kie
bud move tri
bul support con move gre
con move gre via convoy
den support swe
ion support con move gre
kie move hel
lon hold
gol move wes
mid move por
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nwy hold
pie move mar
rom move nap
rum move bla
ser support gre
ska move den
spa move mar
tun move naf
tyr move boh
tys move rom
ukr move rum
vie move tri
yor move wal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
remove pie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support gre
bel hold
bla convoy rum move ank
boh move sil
bre support por move mid
bud support ser
bul support rum
con support bul
den move ska
gre hold
hel move nth
hol move kie
ion move adr
kie move mun
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move sev
naf move mid
nwy support lon move nth
por move mid
rom move nap
rum move ank via convoy
ser support gre
ska move den
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support den move ska
tyr move ven
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
alb move gre
ank support bla move con
bel hold
bla move con
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul support con
con support bul
gre move bul/sc
hel move nth
ion support nap
kie move ber
gol move wes
mid move nat
mar move spa
mun support kie move ber
rom move nap
ser support gre move bul
sev move rum
sil move war
ska support hel move nth
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tys support rom move nap
ukr move war
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move smy
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet kie
remove nap
build Fleet sev
remove smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel hold
ber hold
bud support ser move tri
bul/sc move gre
con move aeg
eng move iri
gre move apu via convoy
ion convoy gre move apu
kie move den
lon move yor
mun hold
naf move mid
nat move nrg
nth move lon
nwy move fin
rom move nap
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev move rum
ska move nth
spa hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move adr
tys support rom move nap
ukr move mos
ven hold
vie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support gre move ion
apu support nap move rom
bel move pic
ber move sil
bud move vie
con support rum move bul
den hold
fin support nwy
gre move ion
ion move nap
iri move lvp
lon hold
mid move bre
mos move lvn
mun support ber move sil
nap move rom
nth move edi
nrg move nat
rum move bul/ec
sil move ber
spa move por
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support sil move mun
tys move rom
ukr move rum
ven move apu
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ion move alb
sil move pru
ven move tus
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army mar
build Army par
remove pru
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg convoy con move nap
alb support ion
apu support con move nap
ber move sil
bre move eng
bul/ec move con
con move nap via convoy
den hold
edi move nrg
fin move swe
ion convoy con move nap
lon move nth
lvn move pru
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mun support sil move boh
nat move mid
nap move rom
nwy move nrg
par move bre
pic support par move bre
por move spa
rum move gal
sil move boh
stp/nc move bar
swe move bal
tun support aeg move ion
tus move ven
tyr support vie move boh
tys move rom
ven move tus
vie move boh
war support rum move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support alb move ion
bal convoy pru move den
bar move nrg
ber support den move kie
bre hold
con move bul/sc
den move kie
edi move nth
gal support vie move boh
iri move nat
mid move wes
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth move lon
nwy move nth
pic move bel
pie move ven
pru move den via convoy
sil support ber
spa move gas
swe support pru move den
tun move ion
tus support pie move ven
tys support tun move ion
war move sil
