PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move rum
den move swe
eng move bel
gal move ukr
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move hol
mid move bre
mar move spa
nap move tun via convoy
nth move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
sev hold
ukr support sev
ven hold
wal hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move bal
bla move con
bot move swe
bre move eng
con move aeg
den move swe
eng support hol move bel
gal move war
hol move bel
ion move eas
lon move nth
mar move bur
mun move bur
nap move ion
nwy move swe
pic move bel
ruh support hol move bel
rum move ukr
ser move gre
sev support rum move ukr
smy move eas
spa move por
tri move adr
tun hold
ukr move mos
ven move pie
vie move boh
wal hold
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg support smy move eas
bal move swe
boh move sil
bot move swe
bre move pic
con move bul/sc
den support bal move swe
eng support pic move bel
gal move war
ion convoy tun move alb
mar move bur
mos support war
mun hold
nap support ion
nth move hol
nwy support bot move swe
pic move bel
pie move ven
por hold
ruh move hol
sev support ukr move mos
smy move eas
tun move alb via convoy
ukr move mos
wal move lon
war support mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
alb move ser
bal move swe
bel support bur move ruh
bul/sc move aeg
bur move ruh
con move bul
den support bal move swe
eas support aeg move ion
eng move nth
gal support sil move war
gre move ser
ion hold
kie move hol
lon hold
mar move bur
mos support sev move ukr
mun move bur
nap support ion
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par support mar move bur
pic move bre
por move spa
ruh move bel
sev move ukr
sil move war
smy move con
stp move mos
tri support gre move ser
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
ruh move kie
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bel move hol
bre move mid
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move nth
eas support aeg move ion
gal move war
hel move den
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie support mun
lon hold
lvn support stp move mos
mos support war move lvn
nap support tun move ion
nth support hel move den
par move bur
ruh support bur move mun
ser move gre
ska move swe
spa move mar
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri support adr move ven
tun move ion
ukr support mos
ven support alb move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove lvn
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
alb support bul move gre
bel move hol
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support swe
eas support aeg move ion
edi move nrg
gal move sil
hol support mun move ruh
kie move den
lon hold
mid move wes
mar hold
mos support war move lvn
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nth support bel move hol
nwy move swe
par move bur
ruh support bur move mun
ser move gre
ska support kie move den
stp move mos
swe support den
tri support adr move ven
tun move wes
tys support aeg move ion
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
hol move kie
mun move boh
ven move tus
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb support aeg move gre
boh move mun
bur support mun
den support ska move swe
eas move ion
gre move bul
hel support swe move den
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move hol
lvn support mos move stp
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move nth
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
ska move swe
stp move mos
swe move den
tri move alb
tun move tys
tus move rom
tyr support boh move mun
tys support ion move tun
ukr move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move ska
stp disband
tun move naf
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet mar
remove rom
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur support mun
con move aeg
den support nwy move swe
hel move den
hol move kie
ion move apu
kie support sil move mun
lvn move pru
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun support hol move kie
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
ruh support hol move kie
ser move tri
sil move ber
ska support swe move den
smy move eas
stp move fin
swe move den
tun move wes
tyr move pie
tys support tun move wes
ven move adr
vie move boh
wes support mar move gol
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
den move nth
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
apu support tri move ven
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bur support mun
den move swe
eas move aeg
fin support den move swe
hel move den
ion move tun
kie support hel move den
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mun support kie
naf move tun
nap move rom
nth support nwy
nwy support swe
pie move ven
pru move sil
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
ser move tri
ska move nwy
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp support ska move nwy
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tyr support boh move mun
tys support wes move gol
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tus
swe move bot
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
remove ska
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
apu move nap
ber move kie
boh support vie move tyr
bot support den move swe
bur support mun
den move swe
eas move ion
fin support stp
ion move tun
kie support mun
gol move tus
mar support spa/sc move gol
mun support kie
naf move mid
nth support nwy
nwy support den move swe
pie hold
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sil move mun
spa/sc move gol
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri move apu via convoy
tus support pie
tyr move pie
tys support gol move tus
ukr move mos
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tyr
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
apu move ion
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bur support mun
fin support stp
ion move tys
kie support mun
gol support wes
mid move por
mar support gol
mos support stp
mun support kie
nth move nrg
nwy support bot move stp
pie move mar
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
stp support fin
swe support nwy
tri move apu via convoy
tun move wes
tus support tys move gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys move gol
ven support tyr
wes support gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army par
build Army rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
apu move rom
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bur support mun
edi move nrg
fin support stp
ion move tun
kie move ber
gol support pie move mar
mar support spa/sc
mos support stp
mun support kie move ber
nap move apu
nrg move bar
nwy support nrg move bar
par move gas
pie move mar
por move mid
rom support nap move apu
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support wes
stp support fin
swe support nwy
tun move naf
tus support gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ven support apu move rom
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move nap
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
apu support nap
bar support nwy move stp
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bot support nwy move stp
bur support spa/sc move mar
fin support stp
gas support spa/sc move mar
ion move apu
kie support mun
gol support mar
mid move por
mar move bur
mos support stp
mun support kie
naf support tun move wes
nap hold
nrg move nth
nwy move stp/nc
rom support tus
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc move mar
stp support fin
swe move fin
tun move wes
tus support gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tun move wes
ven move pie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army/dislodged stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army bud
build Army edi
remove fin
build Army par
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
bar support stp/nc
ber move kie
bot move lvn
bud move gal
bur support ruh
edi move nwy via convoy
gas support mar
ion move tun
kie support ruh
lon hold
lvn move stp
gol support pie move mar
mar support spa/sc
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber move kie
naf support wes move mid
nap hold
nth convoy edi move nwy
par support bur
pie move mar
por hold
ruh support kie
sil move ber
spa/sc support mar
stp/nc hold
swe move bal
tri move ven
tus support gol
tyr support mun
tys move wes
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal support bot move lvn
bar support stp/nc
ber support mun move kie
boh support mun
bot move lvn
bur move mun
gal move war
gas support mar
kie support ruh
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn hold
gol support pie move mar
mid move iri
mar support spa/sc
mos support lvn
mun move kie
naf support wes move mid
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move fin
par move bre
pie move mar
por hold
rom support apu move nap
ruh support kie
sil support ber
spa/sc support mar
stp/nc hold
tun move wes
tus move tys
tyr move mun
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support bot move lvn
bar move nrg
ber move kie
boh support mun
bot move lvn
bre support gas
bur support mar
fin support nwy move stp
gas support mar
iri move lvp
kie support ruh
lvn hold
gol support wes move spa
mid move iri
mar support spa/sc
mos support lvn
mun move bur
naf move mid
nap move rom
nth move eng
nwy move stp
pie move mar
por hold
rom move tus
ruh support kie
sil support ber
spa/sc support mar
stp/nc move bar
tyr support ven move pie
tys move wes
ven move pie
war support lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support stp move lvn
bar support fin move stp
ber move kie
boh support mun
bot support stp move lvn
bre support gas
bur support mar
eng hold
fin move stp
gas support mar
iri support mid move eng
kie support ruh
lvn hold
lvp hold
gol support pie move mar
mid move eng
mos support lvn
mun move bur
nrg hold
pie move mar
por hold
rom move tys
ruh support kie
sil support ber
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp move lvn
tus support ven move pie
tyr support mun
ven move pie
vie move gal
war support lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
eng move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bot
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal move ber
bar move nrg
ber move kie
boh move mun
bre support gas
bur move mun
eng move nth
fin support stp
gal move sil
gas move mar
iri move wal
kie support ruh
lon support nrg move nth
lvn hold
lvp support iri move wal
gol move wes
mid move gas
mar support mun move bur
mos support lvn
mun move bur
nrg move nth
por hold
ruh support kie
sil move pru
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
stp hold
tri move ven
tyr support mun
war support lvn
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bal move den
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre hold
bur move mun
eng move bel
fin support stp
gas move mar
kie support ruh
lvn hold
lvp move cly
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos support lvn
mun support mar move bur
nth support lon
nrg move cly
pie support mar
por hold
pru support ber
ruh support kie
sil support mun
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp hold
tus support pie
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ven support pie
wal move lvp
war support lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet bel
Turkey: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
remove tus
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet bel
Turkey: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel support iri move eng
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre support par
bur move ruh
den move nth
fin support stp
ion move tun
iri move eng
kie support ruh
lon support nth move eng
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move cly
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nth move eng
nrg move nat
par move bur
pie move mar
por hold
pru support ber
ruh support kie
sev move mos
sil move ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mid move por
stp hold
tyr support mun
ven move pie
wal support iri move eng
war support lvn
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet bel
Turkey: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hol
mar move gas
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet bel
Turkey: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move nth
ber support kie
boh move mun
bre support par
bur support mun move ruh
cly move lvp
den move nth
eng move lon
gas move mar
hol move bel
kie support mun move ruh
lon hold
lvn support mos move stp
gol support mar
mar support bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nat move lvp
nth move edi
par support bre
pie support mar
por move mid
pru support ber
ruh move bur
sev move mos
spa/sc hold
tun move wes
tyr support mun
wal support eng move lon
war support lvn
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet bel
Turkey: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
France: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
lon move yor
stp move nwy
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet bel
Turkey: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove den
remove edi
remove fin
remove hol
remove nat
remove nwy
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
remove yor
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet bel
Turkey: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel support lon move nth
ber move kie
bre support par
bur support mar move gas
cly support mid move nat
fin support nwy
gas move spa
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move nth
gol support mar
mid move nat
mar move gas
mos support stp
mun support bur
nat move lvp
nwy support fin
par support bre
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh support bur
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
wal move lon
wes move spa/sc
yor move edi
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet bel
Turkey: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move nth
ber move kie
bre support par
bur move par
cly support nat move lvp
edi hold
fin support nwy
gas support bur move par
kie move den
lvn support stp
lvp hold
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos support stp
nat move lvp
nth move nrg
nwy hold
par support bre
ruh support bel
stp hold
tun move wes
tyr support mun move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvp move wal
par move pic
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
remove pic
remove wal
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move par
bud move ser
bur support par
cly move nrg
con move bul
edi hold
fin move swe
gas move bre
ion move tys
kie support den
lon move yor
lvp move cly
gol move mar
mid move nat
mos support stp
mun move sil
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support fin move swe
par support gas move bre
spa/sc move por
stp support nrg move nwy
tri move ven
tyr move boh
vie move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: army/dislodged nwy
Turkey: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet yor
ORDERS
bre move pic
nwy disband
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet yor
ORDERS
boh move vie
bul move rum
cly move edi
den support nwy move swe
edi hold
lvn move stp
nat move nrg
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
par move pic
pic support ruh move bel
stp move fin
swe hold
tys move ion
yor support cly move edi
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet bel
Turkey: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet yor
ORDERS
edi disband
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet bel
Turkey: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: fleet nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: fleet swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Army con
remove pic
build Army smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet bel
Turkey: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: fleet nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: fleet swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet yor
ORDERS
