PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move fin
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank hold
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul/sc
fin move swe
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
lvn move war
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move bel
sev move rum
spa move mar
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tys move tun
ven move pie
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
ank move smy
bel hold
ber move mun
bre move pic
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc move aeg
con move bul
den hold
gre support con move bul
hol support bel
kie support ber move mun
lon move eng
mar move gol
mun move ruh
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move fin
par move bur
pie move ven
por move mid
rom support pie move ven
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev move rum
smy move eas
spa move mar
stp move fin
swe hold
tri support ven
tun move ion
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
aeg support eas move ion
bel support kie move ruh
bud move gal
bul support sev move rum
bur support eng move bel
den hold
eas move ion
eng move bel
gal support sev move rum
gre move ser
hol support bel
ion move adr
kie move ruh
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun support kie move ruh
nth support ruh move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
pic support eng move bel
pie move ven
rom support pie move ven
rum support bud move gal
sev move rum
smy move con
stp move fin
swe move nwy
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move tun
rum move ukr
ven move tus
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
remove tus
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support lon move nth
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur support bel
con move bul
den hold
fin support swe move nwy
gal move bud
hol hold
ion move adr
kie support hol
lon move nth
lvn move mos
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
pic support bur
pie move tyr
rom move tus
ruh support mun move bur
rum support gal move bud
ser move alb
smy move aeg
stp support nth move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support bud move ser
tun support nap move ion
tys support nap move ion
ukr move sev
wes support tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
alb support bul move ser
bel support nrg move nth
bul move ser
bur support tyr move mun
con move bul
den hold
hol support ruh move bel
ion move alb
kie support mun
mun hold
nth move ska
nrg move nth
nwy support nth move ska
pic support bur
ruh move bel
ser support tri move bud
sev hold
smy move eas
stp move fin
tri move bud
tun support ion
tus support ven
tyr support ven move tri
tys support ion
ven move tri
wes support tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel disband
tri move vie
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ber
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ser
bel support mun move bur
ber move mun
bul support alb move ser
bur move ruh
con support bul
den hold
eas move ion
edi move nwy via convoy
fin support swe move nwy
gre move ion
hol support bel
ion move aeg
kie support den
mos support rum move sev
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
pic move bel
rum move sev
ser move tri
sev support stp move mos
ska support nwy move swe
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tus move ven
tyr move mun
tys support tun move ion
vie support ser move tri
wes support tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move ukr
tri move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb support ven move tri
bel hold
ber move mun
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move smy
den hold
eas move smy
fin move stp
gre support ser move alb
hol support bel
kie support ber move mun
mos support fin move stp
nap move tys
nth support ska move den
nwy support stp
pic move bel
ruh move hol
ser move alb
sev hold
ska move den
stp hold
swe support ska move den
tri hold
tun support nap move tys
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie support tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet edi
build Army lvp
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser
bel support mun move ruh
ber move bal
bud support ser
con move bul
eas support smy move aeg
edi move nrg
fin move stp
gre move bul/sc
hol move nth
kie move den
lvp move edi
gol move mar
mar move bur
mos support fin move stp
mun move ruh
nth support pic move bel
nwy move fin
pic move bel
ruh move hol
ser support alb move tri
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
spa/sc support gol move mar
stp support nwy move fin
tri support vie move bud
tun move wes
tys support tun move wes
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move rum
stp move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bal move den
bel support mun move ruh
bud support tri move ser
bur move par
con move bul
den support swe move bal
eas support aeg move ion
edi move nwy via convoy
fin move stp
gal move war
gre support aeg move ion
hol move nth
ion move nap
kie support bal move den
lvn support fin move stp
mos support stp
mun move ruh
nth support pic move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move par
ruh move kie
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
spa/sc move wes
stp support mos
swe move bal
tri move ser
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven move pie
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet/dislodged bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove nrg
build Army par
remove ruh
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
bal move kie
bel support bur
ber support kie
bre move eng
bud support gal move rum
bul move ser
bur support bel
den support bal move kie
eas move ion
fin support nwy move stp
gal move rum
gre support eas move ion
hol move nth
ion move adr
kie hold
lvn support nwy move stp
gol move spa/sc
mar move gol
mos support ukr move war
nap move ion
nth move hol
nwy move stp
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
pie move mar
rum move bud
ser move tri
spa/sc support mar move gol
stp hold
tri hold
ukr move war
vie support tri
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move sev
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move tri
bal support den move kie
bel support bur move pic
ber support kie
bud move ser
bul support ser
bur move pic
den move kie
eng support pic move bel
fin move stp
gre move ion
hol move nth
ion move tys
kie hold
lvn support stp move mos
gol move spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
nap move ion
nth move hol
par move bur
pic move bel
por support gol move spa
rum support bud move ser
ser support alb move tri
spa/sc support mar
stp move mos
tri support bud move ser
vie support tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove eng
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove pic
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal support den move kie
bel support lon move hol
ber support kie
bud support rum move ser
bul support ser
bur move mar
den move kie
gre move ion
hol hold
kie hold
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move war
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mar move gas
mos support lvn move war
nap support tun move tys
nth convoy lon move hol
por support gol move spa
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum move ser
ser support alb move tri
smy move aeg
spa/sc move gol
stp move lvn
tri support rum move ser
tun move tys
tys support gre move ion
ven support alb move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
spa/sc move mid
tys move wes
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bal support den move kie
bel move pic
ber support kie
bud move ser
bul support ser
den move kie
gas move mar
hel move hol
hol support den move kie
ion move tun
iri move eng
kie support hel move hol
lvn move pru
mar support spa/sc
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move den
por move mid
rom move ven
rum support bud move ser
ser support alb move tri
sev move ukr
spa/sc support mar
tri support bud move ser
tyr move pie
tys support nap move ion
ven support alb move tri
wes support ion move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
remove gas
remove hel
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove mid
build Army par
remove tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support tun move ion
alb move tri
bal move ber
ber hold
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur support pie move mar
con move bul/ec
eng move pic
ion move gre
kie hold
lvp move iri
mar support par move bur
mos support war move ukr
par move bur
pic move bel
pie support tri move ven
por move mid
pru support bal move ber
rum move sev
ser support alb move tri
spa/sc support por move mid
tri move ven
tun move ion
ukr move gal
ven support alb move tri
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mun
ion move adr
ven move adr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move bur
ber move kie
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bla
den support ber move kie
gas move mid
hol support ber move kie
ion move nap
kie move ruh
lon move nwy via convoy
mid move naf
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move boh
nth convoy lon move nwy
pru move war
ser support tri
sev move rum
spa/sc move wes
tri hold
tys support ion move nap
ukr support mos move sev
ven support bud move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove ruh
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla support bul move rum
bre move gas
bul move rum
bur hold
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move bal
mid move nat
mun move sil
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
pic move bel
ruh move mun
ser move bud
sev support ukr move rum
tri support ser move bud
tys support nap move rom
ukr move rum
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move vie
rom move apu
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud support tri
bul move ser
con move bul
gal move rum
gas move mid
iri move eng
kie move ber
lon move hol via convoy
mun move boh
naf support wes
nat support gas move mid
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move stp
rom move nap
sev hold
sil move boh
stp move mos
tri support bud
tun hold
tys move nap
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wes support gas move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove nat
remove pie
remove sil
remove tyr
remove vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
arm move sev
ber move mun
bla convoy ank move rum
bud support tri
bul support ank move rum
bur move mar
con move aeg
edi move nrg
eng convoy lon move bre
hol move ruh
lon move bre via convoy
lvp move yor
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move sil
naf support wes
rom move tys
rum hold
ser support ank move rum
sev support rum
stp move lvn
tri support bud
tun move tys
tys move ion
ukr support rum
ven move rom
vie move boh
wes support naf
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
England: army/dislodged rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm support rum move sev
bla support rum move sev
bre move par
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
eng move bre
gal move vie
ion move adr
lvn move war
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nth convoy yor move hol
pie move tyr
rom move tys
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev support ukr move rum
spa/sc move gol
tun support rom move tys
ukr move rum
wes move tys
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove gol
remove pie
remove sil
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bre move mid
bud support tri move vie
con move bul
edi move nth
hol move ruh
ion move apu
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mos support ukr
mun move boh
naf support wes
nth move eng
par move gas
ruh move mun
rum support sev move ukr
ser move tri
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
tri move vie
tun hold
tys support tun
ukr hold
ven move rom
vie support war move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
England: army/dislodged vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
aeg move ion
apu move ven
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
bud support rum move gal
bul support sev move rum
gal move bud
gas move spa
mid move por
mos support ukr
mun move boh
naf support wes
pie support tyr move ven
rum move gal
sev move rum
tri support vie
tyr move ven
tys support tun
ukr hold
vie support rum move gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
