PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bur move bel
eng support yor move bel
gas move mar
hol support bur move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move bel
pie move mar
rum move bla
ser move gre
spa move mar
stp move nwy
tri move ser
ukr move sev
ven hold
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bre support por move mid
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move bel
den move swe
eng move bel
gas support spa move mar
gre move bul
hol support bur move bel
kie move hel
mar move gol
mun move sil
nap move tys
nth support eng move bel
pie move mar
por move mid
rum move bla
ser support gre move bul
sev support rum move bla
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp/nc move bar
tun move wes
ukr move rum
ven move tus
vie move tri
war move mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bar move nwy
bla support arm move sev
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move con
bur move bel
den move swe
eng convoy lon move pic
gas support gol move spa
gre hold
hel move nth
hol support bur move bel
lon move pic
gol move spa/sc
mid support bre move eng
mar support gol move spa
mos support sev
nth move bel
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
rum support arm move sev
ser support bud move rum
sil move war
swe move ska
tus move ven
tys move ion
ukr move war
wes move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move pic
rum move bul
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bar move nrg
bel hold
bla support aeg move con
bud move gal
bul support aeg move con
den move swe
eng move wal
gas move bre
gre hold
hel support hol move nth
hol move nth
kie move bal
lon hold
mid move iri
mar support spa/sc
mos move war
nth move eng
pic support nth move eng
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support ukr move rum
sil move boh
ska support hel move nth
spa/sc support mar
tri hold
tun support tys move ion
tyr move boh
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie support tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army/dislodged con
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move smy
rum move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move bot
bel move pic
bla move con
bre hold
bud move rum
bul move gre
con move smy
eng move bre
gal support bud move rum
gre support ser move bul
hel move den
ion move eas
iri move eng
lon hold
mar hold
nth move nwy
nrg move edi
nwy support ska move swe
pic support eng move bre
rum move gal
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil move mun
ska move swe
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
swe support nth move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tun hold
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ser
tyr move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bla move ank
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bre move wal via convoy
bul support rum
den move ska
eas move smy
eng move lon
gal support sil move war
gre move aeg
iri convoy bre move wal
lvp support iri
mid convoy bre move wal
mar hold
mos move war
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bre
rum support bul
ser move bud
sev move bla
sil move war
ska move swe
smy move ank
swe support nth move nwy
tri move ser
tun hold
tyr support boh move mun
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ber
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ber move kie
bla move ank
bot move swe
bre move gas
bul support aeg move con
con support bla move ank
den move kie
eas move smy
edi move nth
gal move ukr
iri move mid
lon move eng
lvp move cly
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move kie
nth move lon
nwy move swe
pru move war
ruh move mun
rum support gal move ukr
ser hold
ska support nwy move swe
smy move ank
swe move nwy
tun move ion
tyr support ruh move mun
wal support nth move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: army/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move bur
swe move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove eng
build Army kie
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
bla move ank
bot support fin move stp
bul hold
bur move gas
cly move edi
con hold
den move swe
eas move ion
fin move stp
gas hold
ion move tys
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mid move wes
mun support ber
nth move bel
pie move tus
pru move ber
rum hold
ser move bud
ska move den
smy move arm
stp move mos
swe move fin
tyr move tri
ukr support rum
ven hold
vie support ser move bud
wal move yor
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bud move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
arm move ank
ber support mun move kie
bot support swe
bud support vie move gal
bul move rum
bur move par
con support arm move ank
den move swe
eas move smy
edi move nth
eng move lon
fin move nwy
gal move rum
gas move par
ion move tys
mid move wes
mos move ukr
mun move kie
pru move war
ruh move hol
rum move sev
sev support gal move rum
stp support war move mos
swe hold
tus move ven
ukr support rum move sev
ven move rom
vie move gal
war move mos
wes move tys
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank disband
mos move lvn
rum move ser
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove lvn
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move hol
ber move mun
bot move swe
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
den move kie
gal move war
gas support mar move bur
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie support swe move den
lon hold
mid move naf
mar move bur
mos support stp
nth support hol move bel
nwy move swe
par support mar move bur
ser move rum
smy move aeg
stp support mos
swe move den
ukr support gal move war
ven hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Russia: fleet/dislodged bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army/dislodged bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move eng
den move hel
rum move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bel hold
bot move swe
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur move gas
con move smy
den support bot move swe
eng move mid
gal move vie
gas move spa
hel move hol
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon hold
mos hold
mun move ber
naf move tun
nth support stp move nwy
par move bre
rum support arm move sev
sil move ber
stp move nwy
tri move vie
ukr support war
ven move rom
war hold
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove fin
remove gal
remove ion
remove mid
build Fleet mar
remove sil
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move pru
bre move gas
bud move gal
bul move gre
den move hel
gas move mar
hol hold
kie support bel move hol
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos hold
mun move sil
nth move eng
nwy move stp
rum move ser
sev move mos
smy move aeg
spa hold
swe move bal
tri support vie move tyr
tun support wes move tys
ukr support sev move mos
ven hold
vie move tyr
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal hold
eng move mid
gal support war
gas move mar
hel move hol
hol move bel
kie move mun
lvn support sil move war
gol convoy spa move tus
mar move pie
mos hold
nth move bel
pru support sil move war
ser move alb
sil move war
spa move tus via convoy
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support tri move ven
tys support ven move rom
ukr support war
ven move rom
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support lvn
ber move sil
bud move tri
edi hold
gal support vie move boh
lvn support stp move mos
gol move tys
mid hold
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support sil move boh
pie move ven
pru support ber move sil
rom support pie move ven
stp move mos
tri move adr
tun support tys move ion
tus support pie move ven
tyr support ven
tys move ion
ukr support war
ven hold
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mos move sev
ven disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
aeg move ion
alb move apu via convoy
bal hold
ber support mun
edi hold
gal support war
hel hold
hol hold
ion support tys move nap
lvn support sil move war
mid hold
mos move ukr
mun hold
nth hold
pie support ven
pru support sil move war
rom support ven
sev move mos
sil move war
tri move ven
tun support ion
tus support ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move nap
ukr support sev move mos
ven support pie
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
apu move ven
bal hold
ber move sil
boh move sil
bre move mid
edi hold
gal support boh move sil
ion support nap move apu
kie support mun
lvn move mos
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos support ukr move war
mun support ber move sil
nap move apu
pie support ven
pru support war
rom support ven
stp support lvn move mos
tri support apu move ven
tun support ion
tus support ven
tyr support apu move ven
ukr move war
ven support nap move apu
vie move boh
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
apu move adr
bal hold
ber move sil
boh move mun
edi hold
gal move sil
hel hold
hol hold
ion support apu move adr
kie support mun
gol hold
mid hold
mos support war
mun support ber move sil
nth hold
pie move tyr
pru support war
rom support ven
tri move ven
tun support ion
tus support ven
tyr support boh move mun
ven support pie move tyr
vie move gal
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet/dislodged adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion move alb
bal move swe
ber move sil
edi hold
hel hold
hol hold
ion move alb
kie support mun
gol move tys
mid hold
mos support war
mun support ber move sil
nth hold
pie move tyr
pru support war
rom support ven
stp support mos
tun support tys move ion
tus support ven
tys move ion
ven support pie move tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support gre
alb support ven move tri
boh support vie move tyr
edi hold
gal move war
gre hold
hel hold
hol hold
ion support alb
kie support mun
mid hold
mos support war move ukr
mun hold
nth hold
pru support sil move war
rom move apu
sev move mos
sil move war
stp support mos
swe move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tun support ion
tus move ven
tyr support ven move tri
tys support ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ser
tyr move pie
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army mar
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move gre
alb support tri
apu hold
ber move sil
boh support gal move sil
bud move tri
edi hold
gal move sil
gre move alb
hel hold
hol hold
ion move eas
kie support mun
mid hold
mar hold
mos support war move ukr
mun support ber move sil
nth hold
nwy hold
pie move tyr
pru support sil move war
ser support bud move tri
sev support ukr
sil move war
stp support mos
tun support tys move ion
tyr support bud move tri
tys move ion
ukr hold
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support tri
apu support ven
ber move sil
eas support ion move aeg
edi hold
ion move aeg
kie support mun
mid hold
mar hold
mos support war
mun support sil move boh
nwy hold
pie move tyr
pru support war
sil move boh
stp support mos
tri support pie move tyr
tun move ion
ven support tri
war support ber move sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet/dislodged aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
aeg move con
alb move ion
apu move alb via convoy
boh move vie
eas move smy
edi hold
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion move aeg
kie move mun
mid hold
mar hold
mos support war move ukr
mun move bur
nth move eng
nwy move nrg
pru move war
sil move boh
stp support mos
tri support boh move vie
tyr support tri
ven support tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army/dislodged ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move con
alb move ser
bel move edi
boh support vie
bud move vie
bur move par
con move ank
edi move yor
eng move mid
gal support bud move vie
ion move tys
mid move eng
mar move gas
mos support ukr move sev
mun move tyr
nth convoy bel move edi
nrg support bel move edi
stp move lvn
tri support alb move ser
tyr move pie
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie support mun move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
sev disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet ank
France: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Army mun
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet ank
France: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
ank move bla
ber move mun
boh move gal
bre support mid move eng
bud move rum
con move bul/ec
edi support nrg move cly
eng support nth move lon
gal support bud move rum
gas move par
gre move bul
kie move hol
lvn move mos
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nth move lon
nrg move cly
par support mun move bur
pie move tyr
ser move bud
sev move rum
smy move con
tri support ser move bud
tyr move tri
tys move wes
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tyr move tri
war support boh move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet/dislodged eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
eng move pic
gal disband
tyr move boh
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
ber move mun
bla move rum
boh support vie
bre support eng
bud move rum
cly move lvp
con move bul/ec
edi move yor
eng support bre
gal support sev move rum
gas support mar move bur
gre move bul
hol move bel
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth move lon
par move bre
pic move eng
ser support bud
sev move rum
smy move aeg
tri support tyr
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tyr
vie support mun move tyr
war move sil
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
