PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move swe
con move aeg
eng support pic move bel
gal move bud
hol move nth
ion move gre
nth move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
ser support alb move gre
spa move mar
tri move vie
ukr move gal
ven hold
wal move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel move hol
ber move kie
bud support gal move vie
con move ank
den hold
edi move nth
eng move nth
gal move vie
gre move ion
ion move tun
lvp move wal
nth move nrg
par move bur
pie move mar
ser move bud
sev hold
smy move arm
spa move por
stp/sc move bot
tri support ser move bud
ven hold
vie support ser move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bot move bal
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con support ank move bla
den support nwy move swe
edi move nrg
gal move bud
hol support bur move ruh
ion move tys
nrg move edi
nwy move swe
pie move mar
tri move ser
tun hold
ven move tyr
vie move gal
wal move iri
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove gal
build Fleet lvp
build Army par
build Fleet rom
remove rum
remove sev
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal support fin move swe
bla support arm move sev
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul move gre
con move aeg
den support swe
edi move nth
eng support bre move mid
fin move swe
hol support ruh move kie
lon hold
lvp move wal
par move bur
pie move mar
por move spa
rom move tus
ruh move kie
rum move bla
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum move bla
sil move ber
swe support den
tri move alb
tun move naf
tyr hold
tys move gol
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move ser
arm move sev
bal move swe
bla support arm move sev
bur move mun
den move swe
eng support mid move iri
fin support bal move swe
gal move war
gre support aeg move bul
iri hold
kie support bur move mun
lon move yor
gol support pie move mar
mid move iri
naf move mid
nth move nwy
pie move mar
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
swe support nth move nwy
tus support gol move pie
tyr move mun
wal move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet/dislodged iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
iri move wal
mar move bur
swe move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
remove yor
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
ber move kie
bla support con move bul
bot support den move swe
bre move mid
bud support rum
bur move mar
con move bul
den move swe
eng support iri move wal
fin move bot
hol move kie
iri move wal
kie move ber
gol move wes
mid move por
mar hold
mun support kie move ber
nwy support den move swe
rum support mos move sev
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
smy move eas
spa support bur move mar
swe move bal
tus move pie
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
wal move lvp
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber disband
mar move gas
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb support ser
ber support mun
bla support sev move rum
boh support tyr move mun
bot move stp/sc
bud support rum
bul move ser
eas move ion
eng support wal move lon
gas move par
gre support bul move ser
kie move den
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
mid move por
mun hold
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por hold
ser support rum
sev move rum
spa support mid move por
swe move den
tyr move mun
wal move lon
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
lon move nth
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bre
build Fleet edi
remove fin
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser
ber move sil
bla move rum
boh move tyr
bud support rum
bul move ser
edi move yor
eng support lon
gre support bul move ser
ion move tun
kie move den
lon hold
mar move bur
mos move ukr
nap support tys move ion
nth move lon
nwy move nth
par hold
pie move gol
por move mid
ser support rum
sev support bla move rum
spa move mar
swe move den
tyr move pie
tys move ion
wal support nth move lon
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ser
bla move rum
bre support bur move par
bud support rum
bul support bla move rum
bur move par
eng support lon
gre support bul
ion move gre
kie move den
lon hold
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth support yor move lon
nwy move ska
par hold
pie move mar
ser support rum
sev support bla move rum
sil move boh
swe move den
tyr move mun
wal support yor move lon
war move mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Italy: army/dislodged par
Italy: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move bur
par move gas
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet lvp
remove tys
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb move gre
bla move rum
boh move tyr
bre support par move gas
bud support rum
bul support bla move rum
bur support par move gas
con move aeg
gas move spa
gre move ser
ion support alb move gre
lon move eng
lvp move iri
gol support gas move spa
mar hold
mos move sev
mun support boh move tyr
nth support lon move eng
par move gas
rum support mos move sev
ser support alb move gre
sev support bla move rum
ska move den
swe support ska move den
tun move tys
tyr hold
vie support tyr
wal support lvp move iri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bla support bul
boh move tyr
bud support rum
bur support gas move mar
den move kie
eas move ion
eng move bel
gas move mar
ion move tun
iri move nat
gol support spa
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos move sev
mun support boh move tyr
nth move hol
ser support gre
sev move rum
spa hold
swe move bal
tyr move ven
tys move rom
vie support tyr
wal move iri
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove pie
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
bal move ber
bel support lon move eng
bla move rum
bud support rum
bul support ion move gre
den move kie
gre move bul
hol support den move kie
ion move gre
iri move mid
lon move eng
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mid support wes move spa
mar support wes move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nat support iri move mid
rom move nap
rum support mos move sev
ser support gre move bul
sev support bla move rum
spa move por
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tyr move mun
ven hold
vie support tri move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
mid move gas
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
bla support con move bul
bud move rum
bul support ion move gre
con move bul
eng move bre
gas move mid
gre support con move bul
ion move gre
iri move eng
kie support ber
gol move spa/sc
mid support eng move bre
mar support spa/sc
mos support rum move sev
mun support ruh move kie
nat move iri
nap move ion
por support gol move spa
ruh move kie
rum move sev
ser support bul
sev move rum
ven move rom
vie move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
sev move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
remove nap
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bel support lon move pic
ber support den move kie
bla support con move bul
bre hold
bud support rum
bul support ser move gre
con move bul
den move kie
eng convoy lon move pic
gas support bre
gre support con move bul
hol support den move kie
ion support ser move gre
iri support nat move mid
lon move pic via convoy
gol move mar
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos move sev
nat move mid
por hold
rom move nap
rum support bul
ser move gre
sev move arm
spa/sc hold
tri move alb
tyr move ven
ukr move mos
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move ser
kie move ruh
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move ion
arm move ank
ber support kie
bla move ank
bud move gal
eng support pic move bre
gas move mid
gre support ser move bul
hol support kie
ion move aeg
iri hold
kie support ber
gol move spa/sc
mid support pic move bre
mar support spa/sc
mun support ruh move kie
nap hold
pic move bre
por hold
ruh move kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
spa/sc support gas move mid
tyr move ven
ven move rom
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move par
bul move con
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
remove gas
build Army lon
remove gol
remove ruh
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move smy
bla support mos move sev
bud move gal
bul support aeg move con
con support smy
eng convoy lon move gas
gal move ukr
gre move nap
hol move nth
ion support gre move nap
iri convoy lon move gas
lon move gas via convoy
mid convoy lon move gas
mar support spa/sc
mos move sev
nap move rom
por move spa
rom support gre move nap
rum support sev
sev support rum
smy support con
spa/sc hold
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wes support por move spa
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
arm move ank
bel move eng
ber move kie
bla move con
boh move mun
bre support gas move par
bul support con
con support arm move ank
edi move hol via convoy
eng move iri
gal move war
gas move par
ion move nap
iri move mid
kie move hel
mid move spa/sc
mar move gas
mos move war
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move hol
par move bre
por move spa
rom support ion move nap
rum support sev
sev support ukr move mos
smy support bla move con
spa/sc hold
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move mos
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army/dislodged nap
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos disband
mun disband
nap move apu
par disband
spa/sc disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ank
remove apu
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove por
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bla move con
bre move par
bud move rum
bul support con
con support arm move ank
edi move kie via convoy
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move boh
gas move mar
hel convoy edi move kie
hol support edi move kie
iri move mid
kie move bal
lon move bel via convoy
mid move wes
mos move lvn
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move kie
par move bur
por move spa
rum move sev
sev move mos
smy support bla move con
spa/sc move gol
tri move adr
tyr move pie
vie move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank support con move smy
bal move bot
bel move ruh
bla support smy move con
boh move sil
bre move gas
bul move con
con move smy
eng move mid
gre hold
hel move nth
hol move kie
kie move ber
lvn move stp
gol support wes move spa
mid move wes
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ber
nth move eng
par move bur
pie support mar
rum hold
smy move con
spa hold
tri move tyr
tun hold
tys support adr move ion
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army/dislodged spa
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa disband
stp/sc move fin
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support bul move con
bla hold
bot support fin move stp
bul move con
bur support kie move mun
con move smy
eng move mid
fin move stp/sc
gas move mar
gre move bul
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie move mun
gol support gas move mar
mid move wes
mos support stp
nth move nwy
pie support mar
rom support tys move tus
ruh support kie move mun
sil support mun
spa/sc support gas move mar
tri move adr
tun support wes move tys
tyr support mun
tys move tus
vie move boh
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
boh support mun
bot support nwy move stp
bul move con
bur support ruh move mun
con move smy
fin support nwy move stp
hol move kie
kie move ber
gol support tys move tus
mid move eng
mos support stp move lvn
mun support sil move ber
nap support adr move ion
rom support tus
ruh move mun
sil move ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
stp move lvn
tun support wes move tys
tus support pie
tyr support mun
tys move tus
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
