PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
den move swe
fin move swe
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mos move ukr
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
spa move mar
tri move bud
ukr move rum
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
arm move sev
bar move stp/nc
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bla support bul move rum
bre move mid
bud support ukr move rum
bul move rum
bur support spa move mar
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
fin support mos move stp
gre support ser move bul
hol move kie
kie move bal
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move sil
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
ser move bul
spa move mar
tri move alb
tun move wes
ukr move rum
ven move tus
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move con
bal convoy kie move lvn
bar move stp/nc
bla support con move bul
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur hold
con move bul
den hold
gre support bul
kie move lvn via convoy
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar move pie
nth hold
nwy support bar move stp
pru move war
ruh move bel
sil support pru move war
spa/sc move wes
swe move fin
tus support pie
tys support wes move gol
wes move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move spa/sc
stp move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove fin
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
remove sev
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal move den
bel move ruh
bla move sev
bud move rum
bul move con
bur support mar
con hold
den move hel
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
lon move nth
lvn support war move mos
lvp move iri
gol move tys
mid move iri
mar support bur
mos support ukr
mun move boh
nth move ska
nwy move stp/nc
pie move mar
rum move sev
sil move war
spa/sc support mar
stp/nc move bar
swe move fin
tri move adr
tus hold
tys move tun
ukr support mos
vie move tri
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support bul move con
arm move sev
bar support fin move stp
bla support arm move sev
boh move gal
bud move vie
bul move con
bur support mar
con hold
fin move stp
hel support den
ion move nap
lvn support war move mos
lvp move iri
gol move mar
mid move naf
mar support bur
mos support rum move sev
nth hold
pie support tus move ven
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sil support boh move gal
ska move swe
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tus move ven
tys move tun
ukr support mos
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move smy
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove gol
remove ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move con
bar move nrg
bla support smy move con
bud support rum
bur hold
con move bul
den support hel
gal move ukr
hel support den
iri move eng
lvn support war move mos
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move kie
naf move tun
nap move rom
nth hold
nwy support nth
pie support tus move ven
rum move sev
sev hold
sil move mun
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
stp support mos
swe hold
tri move ven
tus move ven
tys move rom
vie move tyr
war move mos
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move smy
bla support con move bul
bud support rum
bul move con
bur move bel
con move bul
den hold
eng move iri
hel support den
kie move hol
lvn move stp
mid hold
mar hold
mos support rum move ukr
mun move ruh
nth move eng
nrg support nth
nwy move swe
pie move mar
rum support bul
sev move rum
stp support mos
swe move bal
tun support wes
tus move rom
tyr support ven
tys move ion
ukr move mos
war support ukr move mos
wes support tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move gre
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
remove pie
remove rom
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move ber
bel hold
bla move con
bre move mid
bud support rum
bul support sev move rum
den hold
eng support nrg move nth
gre move bul
hel support den
hol move kie
ion move tys
iri support eng
lvn move stp
mid move nat
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
nap support adr move ion
nrg move nth
par move bre
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sev move rum
smy move con
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri move alb
tun move tys
tyr move mun
ven move rom
vie move tri
war move sil
wes support bre move mid
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla move rum
bud support rum
bul support bla move rum
den move swe
eng move bel
gre move ser
hel move hol
ion support nap move tys
iri move lvp
kie move ber
mid move eng
mos move war
nat move lvp
nap move tys
nth support eng move bel
nwy move stp
pie hold
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sev support bla move rum
sil support kie move ber
smy move con
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri move ven
tun support wes move tys
tyr move mun
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber disband
rum move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove bre
build Army lvp
build Army mun
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move hol
ber move kie
bud support gal move rum
bul support ank move con
con support ser move bul
den move nth
eng move bel
gal move rum
gre support ser move bul
hel support den move nth
ion hold
iri move lvp
lvp move yor
mun support sil move boh
nat move mid
nap hold
nth move ska
nwy move stp
pic support eng move bel
pie hold
rom hold
ruh move hol
ser move bul
sev move bla
sil move boh
stp move nwy
swe support nth move ska
tun hold
tyr move mun
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bel hold
bla support sev move rum
boh support gal move vie
bud support tyr move vie
bul support rum
con hold
gal move vie
gre move aeg
hel support kie move den
kie move den
lvp move nat
mun move tyr
nat move nrg
nth support stp move nwy
nwy move stp
pic support bel
pie support mun move tyr
rom move ven
ruh move hol
rum hold
sev move rum
ska support swe move den
stp move nwy
swe move den
tun support wes move tys
tyr move vie
ven move tri
wes move tys
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet bre
remove fin
build Army mun
remove ska
remove swe
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank hold
bel move eng
boh move gal
bre move mid
bud support vie
bul move con
con move bla
gal move ukr
hel move nth
hol hold
ion move nap
kie move den
lon move yor
mun move boh
nat move nrg
nap move rom
nth move ska
nrg move edi
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie move ven
rum move sev
sev hold
ska move nwy
swe support ska move nwy
tri support vie
tun move ion
tyr support pie move ven
tys support tun move ion
ven support tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move stp
ven move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move bla
bel move bur
bla support con move ank
boh support tyr move vie
bud support vie
con move ank
den move swe
edi hold
eng support hol move lon
gal move bud
hol move lon via convoy
ion move nap
mid move iri
nth convoy hol move lon
nrg support nwy
nwy support swe
rom support nap
rum hold
sev support ank move bla
ska support den move swe
stp move nwy
swe support nwy
tri support vie
tus move ven
tyr move vie
tys support ion move nap
ukr move rum
ven move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: fleet/dislodged bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move con
swe disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
build Army bre
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
remove nwy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move mun
boh support vie
bre move wal via convoy
bud move vie
bur hold
con move bla
edi hold
eng convoy bre move wal
gal move bud
gre move ion
ion move nap
iri move lvp
lon support nth move yor
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nap support rom move tys
nth move yor
nrg support yor move edi
rom move tys
rum support bud
sev hold
ska move nth
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support tus move ven
tus move ven
tys support ion move nap
ukr move rum
ven move rom
vie support gal move bud
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
France: fleet/dislodged edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
bud move ser
edi move cly
ven move pie
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh move gal
bud support ukr move rum
bur hold
cly move edi
edi hold
eng hold
ion move nap
lon hold
lvp hold
gol move tus
mun move ruh
nth move nrg
nrg move nth
pie hold
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move arm
swe move den
tri support ser move bud
tyr move tri
tys support ion move nap
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie support tyr move tri
wal support lvp
yor support cly move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: fleet/dislodged nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
nap move apu
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
remove nrg
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
