PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bre move eng
con move bul
edi move nrg
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move gas
mos move stp
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move sev
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
gal support rum
ion move tun
nth hold
nrg move nwy
stp move nwy
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
yor move wal
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army con
build Army mos
build Army smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
eng support bur move bel
gal move rum
gas move spa
gre move ser
mos support rum move sev
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
rum move sev
sev support bul move rum
smy move arm
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tun move ion
tyr move vie
wal move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber move sil
bla support arm move sev
bul move rum
con move bul
eng move mid
gal move rum
ion move aeg
kie hold
mos support sev
mun move boh
nth move den
nrg move nwy
ser support bul move rum
sev support gal move rum
spa move por
stp move fin
swe move ska
tri support vie
vie support tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move smy
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bul move gre
con support ank move smy
den move swe
edi move nth
fin move nwy
gal support sev move rum
hol move bel
lon hold
lvp hold
mid support por move spa
mos move stp
nap move ion
nwy move stp/nc
por move spa
rom move apu
rum support arm move sev
ser move tri
sev move rum
ska support fin move nwy
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bul
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support apu move gre
alb support apu move gre
apu move gre
bel hold
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
gal move bud
gre support ser
ion convoy apu move gre
lon move yor
lvp move iri
mid hold
mos support rum move sev
nth move nwy
nwy support ska move swe
rum move sev
ser support gre
ska move swe
spa hold
swe support nth move nwy
tri move ser
vie support bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
alb move ser
bel move ruh
bre move pic
gal move rum
gre move bul
ion move eas
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move stp
nap move ion
nwy move den
par move bur
sev support gal move rum
ska convoy nwy move den
spa move gas
tri support alb move ser
vie support bud
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul hold
bur move mun
den hold
eas move ion
gas move mar
ion move tun
pic move bel
pie move tus
ruh move kie
rum hold
ser support vie move bud
sev move arm
ska move nwy
stp move fin
tri move ven
vie move bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bel move hol
bre move eng
bud hold
bul move ser
eas move smy
ion move tun
mar move spa
mun move kie
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move tus
ruh support mun move kie
ser move tri
tus move pie
ven support rom move tus
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
arm move ank
bla move ank
bud support ser move rum
eng support pic move lon
fin move swe
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie hold
nwy support fin move swe
pic move lon via convoy
ruh move mun
ser move rum
smy hold
tri move tyr
tus move pie
tys support ion move tun
ven support tus move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
pie move mar
rum move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank hold
arm move sev
bla support ank
bre move gas
eng move lon
hol move kie
kie move ber
mid move nat
mar hold
mun move tyr
nwy move nrg
pic move bur
sev move rum
spa move por
swe move nwy
ukr support sev move rum
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
ber hold
bla move con
bud hold
bul/sc move con
bur move ruh
gal move vie
gas move mid
lon move nth
nat move lvp
nap move apu
nrg convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi
pie move mar
por move spa
rom move tus
rum support sev move bul/sc
sev support rum
smy support bul/sc move con
tun move wes
tyr move vie
tys move gol
ukr move gal
ven move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army par
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
