PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon support edi move nth
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap via convoy
sev move rum
stp/sc move fin
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
bud move ser
bur support pic move bel
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move nth
mid move por
mun hold
nap move apu
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
tri move alb
ven hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Army nap
build Army par
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
alb move gre
apu hold
bel support nth move hol
ber move kie
bud move rum
bur move ruh
den move swe
hol hold
kie move hel
lon move nth
mar move bur
mun hold
nap hold
nth move hol
nwy move swe
par move pic
por move spa/sc
ser move bul
tun move ion
ven move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
bel move ruh
bul support rum
bur support tyr move mun
den move swe
gre move ser
hel move hol
hol support nth
ion convoy nap move gre
kie support hel move hol
mun hold
nth support hol
nwy move swe
pic move bel
ruh move kie
rum hold
spa/sc hold
tyr move mun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel support hol
bud move gal
bul hold
bur move ruh
den support kie
edi move nrg
hel support kie
hol support ruh move kie
ion convoy nap move gre
kie hold
lon move eng
mar move spa/sc
mun support ruh move kie
nap move gre via convoy
nth support nwy move den
nwy move den
pic move bur
rom move tys
ruh move kie
rum hold
ser move bud
spa/sc move mid
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
bel support hol
boh move sil
bud move gal
bul hold
bur move ruh
den move swe
eng move bre
gal move ukr
gre hold
hel move den
hol move bel
ion move aeg
kie move ber
mid move bre
mun move ber
nap hold
nth support hol move bel
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
pic move bur
ruh move kie
rum support gal move ukr
spa/sc move gol
tys move ion
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move con
bul support gre move con
bur support pic move bel
den support hel move kie
eng move bre
gal move war
gre move con via convoy
hel move kie
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move ber
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mun move ber
nap move gre via convoy
nth move hol
nwy move swe
pic move bel
ruh support pic move bel
rum hold
sil support gal move war
ukr move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move nth
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
alb hold
bar move nrg
bel hold
bul hold
bur support bel
con support gre move smy
den move hol via convoy
eng support nth move bel
gre move smy via convoy
hel support den move hol
hol support nth move bel
iri move mid
kie support den move hol
mid move bre
mos support rum move sev
mun support ruh move kie
nth move bel
ruh support bel
rum move sev
sil hold
spa/sc move mid
ven hold
war support mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
bel move lon
bre support spa/sc move mid
bud move ser
bul hold
bur move bel
con support smy move ank
den support hel move kie
eng move bel
hel move kie
hol support eng move bel
iri move eng
kie move ber
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support sil move ber
nap move tys
nth support eng move bel
nrg move nwy
rom move tus
ruh support bur move bel
sev hold
sil move ber
smy move ank
spa/sc move mid
swe move den
tri hold
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb hold
ank hold
bel support hol
ber support mun move kie
boh hold
bre move eng
bul hold
bur move bel
con hold
den move hol via convoy
eng support bel
hel support den move hol
hol support bel
ion hold
kie move hol
mid move iri
mun hold
nth support bel
nwy move swe
pic support bur move bel
ruh support bur move bel
ser hold
sev hold
sil support ber
spa/sc move gol
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri hold
tus move ven
tys hold
ven move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove hel
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bud move rum
den hold
iri support bre move eng
kie support den
gol hold
mun move kie
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh support bel move hol
sev move mos
sil support ber
stp hold
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
eng move wal
hol move hel
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support hol
ber support kie
boh support tyr move mun
den move kie
eng move lon
gal move war
hel move nth
hol support ruh
ion move tys
iri move lvp
kie support mun
gol hold
mos move stp
nth move lon
nwy support swe
ruh support hol
rum move ukr
sil support tyr move mun
stp move fin
swe support nwy
tyr support mun
tys move wes
wal move lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
bel support hol
ber support kie
boh support mun
bul move ser
den move kie
eng support iri move wal
fin support stp move nwy
hol support ruh move kie
ion move tys
iri move wal
kie support mun
gol move spa/sc
mar move gol
mun support kie move tyr
rom move tus
ruh move kie
ser move tri
sil support mun
stp move nwy
tri move adr
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr move mos
ven support tyr move apu
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: fleet/dislodged wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
den hold
eng move lon
kie move ruh
mid move por
mun move bur
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven support tus move pie
wal support eng move lon
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move tun
ber support kie
boh support vie move tyr
bur move par
den hold
fin move swe
ion convoy tri move tun
kie support mun move ruh
lvn move pru
gol move spa/sc
mun move ruh
nwy support fin move swe
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move tys
ser move tri
sil support mun
tri move tun via convoy
vie move tyr
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move spa
ber move sil
boh move tyr
ion convoy tri move spa
kie support swe move den
mid move bre
mos move war
nwy move swe
par hold
pru move ber
ruh move bel
sil move boh
spa/sc move mid
swe move den
tri move spa via convoy
tun move naf
tyr move pie
tys convoy tri move spa
ven move tus
wes convoy tri move spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Austria: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
