PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move war
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven hold
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu hold
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den move swe
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mos move war
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
ruh move mun
ser support bul move rum
tri move adr
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
apu hold
ber move mun
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nrg
gal move vie
gre support bul move ser
hol move bel
kie move bal
lon hold
mos move war
mun move ruh
nth support bur move bel
nwy move swe
par move pic
por move mid
rom move tus
ser move tri
smy move aeg
spa move mar
tri move bud
tun move ion
ven support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move bul/sc
apu hold
bal move swe
bel hold
bla convoy bul move sev
bot move swe
bud hold
bul move sev via convoy
bur move bel
den support bal move swe
eng support bur move bel
gal move bud
gre support ser
ion move adr
lon hold
mar move bur
mun move bur
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pic support bur move bel
ruh support bel
ser support bud
tri hold
tus support ven
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
tri move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove alb
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army par
remove vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
apu move rom
bel support par move bur
bla convoy ank move rum
bot move stp/sc
bud move vie
bul/sc move aeg
con move bul
den move nth
edi move nrg
eng support bel
gal move vie
gre support con move bul
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie move den
lon hold
mar support par move bur
mun support ruh move bur
nwy hold
par move bur
pic support par move bur
ruh move bur
rum move bla
ser support ank move rum
sev support ank move rum
ska move nth
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri move vie
tus move pie
ven move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support bur
bla support bul move rum
bot move stp/sc
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur support bel
den move nth
eng move mid
gal move rum
gre support ser
hol move bel
kie move den
lon hold
mid move spa/sc
mar support bur
mos move sev
mun move bur
nrg move nth
nwy support ska move swe
pic support bel
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh support mun move bur
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move mos
ska move swe
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri support rum move bud
tys move gol
ven move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
swe disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support par move bur
bla move con
bud support tri move vie
bur move bel
con move bul
den move nth
edi hold
gal move sil
gre move ser
hol support bur move bel
ion move tys
kie move hel
lon hold
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mos move sev
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
par move bur
pic support bel
pie move mar
ruh support bur move bel
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev support rum move ukr
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mar
swe move bal
tri move vie
tus hold
tyr support tri move vie
vie hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move ber
bel hold
bud support rum move gal
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move aeg
den hold
edi hold
gal move war
hel support den
hol support bel
lon hold
gol support pie move mar
nth support pic move bel
nwy move ska
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum move gal
ser support bud
sev move mos
sil move mun
spa/sc support mar
tus move pie
tyr move boh
tys move tun
ukr support sev move mos
vie hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet lvp
build Army par
remove sil
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support bur move ruh
ber hold
boh move mun
bud move gal
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den move bal
edi hold
gal move war
gre move ser
hel move kie
hol move ruh
ion move tun
lon hold
lvp move iri
gol move mar
mar support par move bur
nth support ska move den
par move bur
pie support gol move mar
ruh move mun
ser move bud
ska move den
spa/sc support mar
stp/nc hold
tus hold
tys support ion move tun
ukr support gal move war
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support kie move ber
bel support ruh move hol
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bud support gal
bur move mun
den hold
edi hold
gal support war
hol move kie
ion move tys
iri move nat
kie move ber
lon hold
gol support tys move wes
mos move lvn
nth support den
pie move mar
ruh move hol
ser support bud
sil move mun
spa/sc support mar
tun support tys move wes
tus support pie
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move mos
vie hold
war support mos move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
England: fleet/dislodged ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove kie
build Army par
remove sil
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support war move pru
bel move ruh
ber support war move pru
boh move mun
bud move gal
bur support mar
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move sil
hol support bel move ruh
lon hold
lvn support mos move stp
gol convoy tus move mar
mid support spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth convoy edi move nwy
par support bur
pie support tus move mar
pru move ber
ser move bud
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mar
stp/nc hold
tun move naf
tus move mar
tys support wes
vie move tyr
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move swe
bar support nwy move stp
ber hold
boh support mun
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur support gas move mar
gal move vie
gas move mar
ion move nap
kie hold
lon hold
lvn support stp
gol support wes move spa
mid support spa/sc
mar move gas
mun hold
naf move mid
nat move nrg
nth move den
nwy move stp
par support bur
pie support mar
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp support lvn
tyr support mun
tys move rom
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ber move bal
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
