PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mos move ukr
nap move ion
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move alb
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
eng convoy wal move bel
ion hold
nth move nwy
rum hold
ser move alb
tus move ven
ukr support rum
ven move pie
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
alb move ser
bul move ser
con move aeg
gre support bul move ser
ion move tys
mos move stp
pie move mar
rum move sev
sev move ukr
smy move eas
swe hold
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move bul/sc
alb move ser
eas move ion
eng convoy wal move bel
gal move bud
pie hold
rum support gal move bud
tri support alb move ser
tys move gol
ven support pie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
bla hold
bud move vie
bul/sc move aeg
con move bul
eng convoy wal move bel
gre support con move bul
ion move tun
lon move nth
gol support pie
mos move ukr
nwy move ska
pie move mar
rum move bud
ser hold
swe move bal
tri support ser
ukr move rum
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
bal hold
bul support gre move ser
eng move bel
gre move ser
gol convoy pie move spa
nth support ska move den
ser move tri
ska move den
tri move ven
ven hold
wal hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
remove pie
remove tri
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
bal support den move kie
bel move eng
bud move vie
den move hel
edi move nrg
ion move nap
lon move hol
gol move wes
nth convoy lon move hol
rom hold
rum move bud
sev move rum
tun move ion
ukr move sev
vie move tri
wal move yor
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move adr
bal support hel move kie
bul support ser
eng hold
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion move tun
nth move den
nrg move nwy
sev move ukr
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie support tri
yor hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
den support kie
edi move nrg
eng convoy lon move bel
hol move ruh
kie hold
lon move bel
nwy move ska
rom move nap
ven hold
yor hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bal move ber
bel move bur
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
eng move mid
gal move vie
kie hold
nrg hold
ruh support bel move bur
ska hold
smy move aeg
tri hold
tun move tys
ukr support rum
vie move tyr
yor hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move swe
bur move gas
den hold
kie hold
mid move spa/sc
nrg hold
ruh move bur
rum support sev move bla
sev move bla
ska hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven move tri
vie move tyr
yor hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ven move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla support rum move bul/sc
bud move ser
bur support gas move mar
den support kie
gas move mar
kie hold
nrg hold
rum move bul/ec
ska move nth
spa/sc hold
tri support bud move ser
tyr support ven
ukr move rum
yor hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla support rum move bul/ec
bur hold
den move bal
kie support den move bal
lon move bel
lvp move iri
mar move gas
nth support lon move bel
nrg hold
rum move bul/ec
ser support rum move bul/ec
sev move arm
spa/sc move gol
tyr move ven
ukr move sev
ven move tus
war move gal
yor hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move ank
bal move den
bur support gas move par
gal move bud
gas move par
iri move mid
kie hold
lon move bel
gol hold
nth convoy lon move bel
nrg move nwy
ser support bul/ec
tri move alb
tus support ven move rom
ven move rom
yor hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Russia: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
bel move ruh
bla support bul/ec move con
bud move ser
bur hold
den move bal
kie support den move bal
lon move eng
gol hold
mid move por
mos move ukr
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy hold
par hold
rom move apu
ser move gre
sev move rum
tus move rom
war move gal
yor move hol
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support gre
ank support bul/ec move con
apu move nap
bal hold
bla support bul/ec move con
bul/ec move con
bur support ruh move mun
eng move bre
hol move ruh
kie support bal
gol hold
nth support nwy
nwy hold
par support eng move bre
por hold
rom support apu move nap
ruh move mun
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
bre move mid
bur move mar
con move smy
edi move nrg
gal move bud
kie move ber
lon move hol
lvp move iri
gol hold
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move bar
par move bur
por move spa/sc
ruh move mun
rum move bul
sev move arm
ukr move rum
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move con
arm move ank
bal hold
bar hold
ber support bal
bud support gal move vie
bur move mar
gal move vie
hol move ruh
iri move mid
gol move tus
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun support tyr
nth support nrg
nrg support bar
rom move ven
spa/sc move gol
tyr hold
ukr move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
