PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move war
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
ven move tri
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bla move sev
boh hold
bot move swe
bul move gre
den move swe
edi move hol
gal move vie
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mun hold
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
rum hold
ser hold
spa hold
tri move ven
tus move ven
ven move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support edi move hol
ber move sil
boh move vie
bot move swe
bre hold
con move bul
den move swe
edi move hol
gre support con move bul
kie support nth move hol
lon support nth
mar move bur
nth support edi move hol
nwy move stp/nc
par move pic
por move mid
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev hold
smy move aeg
spa move mar
tun move ion
tus move pie
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
arm move sev
bel support bur move ruh
boh move vie
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul support sev move rum
bur move ruh
den move swe
edi move hol
gre support bul
ion hold
kie support mun move ruh
lon move yor
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nth convoy edi move hol
pic hold
pie move tyr
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil move pru
stp/nc hold
tri hold
ven support tri
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
arm move sev
bel move ruh
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
den move swe
edi hold
gre support bul move ser
hol support bel move ruh
ion move adr
kie support mun move ruh
lon move nth
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth move hel
pic move bel
pru move lvn
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev move bla
stp/nc hold
tri hold
tyr support bur move mun
ven move tri
vie move bud
war hold
yor support lon move nth
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
mun move ber
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support gre
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bre move gas
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur support mun
den move hel
edi move den
gre hold
hel support edi move den
hol move kie
ion hold
kie support bur move ruh
lvn move war
mid hold
mun hold
nth convoy edi move den
pic move bel
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
stp/nc hold
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ven move tri
vie move bud
war hold
yor support nth
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army lon
remove lvn
build Army mos
remove pru
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support smy move eas
bal move ber
bel support ruh move hol
bla move rum
bre move eng
bud move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move kie
gas move mid
gre support ser
hel support den move kie
hol support nth move bel
ion hold
kie support bal move ber
lon hold
mid move iri
mos move sev
mun move ber
nth move bel
ruh move hol
rum move ukr
ser support gre
sev support rum move ukr
smy move eas
stp/nc hold
tri move bud
tyr move boh
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
war move pru
yor move nth
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bud move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg support eas move ion
bal move den
bel move hol
bla support bul move rum
boh move sil
bud hold
bul move rum
bur support bel
eas move ion
eng move nth
gal move bud
gre support ser
hel support kie
ion hold
iri move lvp
kie support boh move mun
lon move bel
mid move nat
mos move sev
mun support ruh move kie
nth convoy lon move bel
pru move ber
ruh move kie
ser hold
sev move mos
stp/nc move nwy
swe move nwy
tri hold
ukr support sev move mos
vie support bud
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ion move nap
mos disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove gal
build Army ven
remove yor
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
aeg move ion
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla move rum
bre move mid
bur support bel
con move bul
den move ska
eng move nth
gal move war
gre support ser
hel convoy hol move den
hol move den
ion move tys
kie move mun
lon move yor
lvp move wal
mos support ukr move war
mun move kie
nat move cly
nap move ion
nth move bel
ruh support bel move hol
rum move ukr
ser hold
sil move ber
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri support bud
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie support tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
bel hold
ber move kie
bud support vie move gal
bul support ser
bur support ruh move bel
cly move edi
gal move war
gre move alb
hel move den
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie move mun
mid move eng
mos move lvn
mun support hol move kie
nth move hel
nwy move nth
ruh move bel
ser hold
sil move ber
ska move swe
tri support bud
tyr move ven
tys support aeg move ion
ukr move gal
vie move gal
wal move lon
war support ukr move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
kie move ruh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove gal
build Army mar
remove ska
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move tri
bel support bur move pic
ber move kie
bre support bur move pic
bud support tri
bul move rum
bur move pic
cly move edi
den move swe
eng support lon
hel move nth
ion move tun
kie move den
lon support hel move nth
lvn hold
mar hold
mun support kie
nap support adr move ion
nth support ruh move hol
pic move bel
ruh move hol
rum move bla
ser support alb move tri
sil move ber
smy move aeg
swe move bal
tri support bud
tys move rom
ukr move gal
ven move rom
war support ukr move gal
yor move lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
nth move yor
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support tys move ion
alb move tri
bal move swe
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
den support mun move kie
edi support lon move yor
eng move iri
gal support rum move bud
hol support ber move kie
ion move gre
kie hold
lon move yor
lvn move stp
lvp support yor move edi
mar move pie
mun move kie
nap move rom
nth support edi
pic move bur
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
swe hold
tri support bud move ser
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ven move rom
vie move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
kie disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
bel move hol
ber move mun
bla move rum
bud support gal move vie
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move swe
edi move cly
gal move vie
gre move ion
hol move bel
ion support aeg move gre
iri move wal
kie support bel move hol
lvp hold
mid move wes
mar move gol
nap move tys
nth move nwy
pie move ven
rom move tus
ser support alb move tri
smy move eas
stp move lvn
swe move den
tri move tyr
tun hold
ven hold
vie move boh
war hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support mun
bud move gal
bul move gre
cly support wal move lvp
den move swe
edi hold
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie move ber
lvn move pru
lvp hold
gol support pie
mun hold
nwy support den move swe
pie move tyr
ruh move kie
rum hold
ser move tri
swe move bot
tri move ven
tun support tys
tus support ven move pie
tyr support tri move ven
tys hold
ven move pie
vie support boh
wal move lvp
war move sil
wes hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army/dislodged lvp
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvp disband
pie move mar
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bot
build Army bre
build Army con
build Army par
remove pie
build Fleet smy
remove tus
remove tyr
remove tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
ank move con
ber move mun
boh support sil move mun
bre move pic
cly move nrg
con move bul
eas move ion
edi move nth
gal move war
gre move ser
lvp move iri
gol move tys
mar support par move bur
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nwy move swe
par move bur
pru move ber
ruh support ber move mun
rum move bla
sil support pru move ber
smy move aeg
swe move fin
tri move ven
tun hold
ven move pie
vie move tyr
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move gre
ber support boh move mun
bla move sev
boh move tyr
bul move rum
bur support mun
con move bul
fin move stp
hol move kie
ion support tun
iri move mid
mar hold
mun hold
nth move den
nrg move nth
pic move bel
pie support vie move tyr
rom hold
ruh support mun
ser move bud
sil support boh move mun
swe move bal
tun hold
tys move tun
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war move lvn
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
