PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bud move ser
con move bul
mar move spa
mos move ukr
nap move ion
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move fin
tri hold
ven hold
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move tun
bud move rum
bul move gre
con move bul/sc
fin move swe
ion convoy apu move tun
rum move bla
ser support bud move rum
smy move con
ukr move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Fleet nap
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bla move rum
bul/sc move aeg
bud support rum
con move bul
gre support con move bul
nap move tys
rum hold
ser support rum
sev move rum
smy move eas
swe move nwy
tri move alb
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move gre
bla move rum
bud support rum move gal
bul move ser
con move bul
eas support aeg move ion
gre support bul move ser
ion hold
nwy hold
pie move mar
rum move gal
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
tys support ion
ukr move rum
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bla move rum
bud move rum
bul move ser
con move bul
eas support aeg
gal support bud move rum
gre support bul move ser
ion support alb move gre
mos support ukr
nwy move ska
ser support alb move gre
tri move bud
tys move wes
ukr move gal
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bla move rum
bud support gal move rum
bul move ser
con move bul
eas move ion
gal move rum
gre support bul move ser
ion support alb move gre
mar support tun move spa
mos move ukr
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
ska move den
tri move vie
tun move spa
ukr move gal
war move gal
wes convoy tun move spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army stp
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
bla move rum
bud support rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den move hel
eas move ion
gre move ser
ion hold
mar move gas
mos move ukr
nap support ion
rum hold
ser support rum
spa move por
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bud support rum
bul move ser
con move bul
eas move ion
gas move bre
gre support bul move ser
ion hold
mid support gas move bre
nap support ion
rum support vie move gal
ser support alb move gre
ven move pie
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
alb move gre
bre move pic
bud support gal
bul move con
con move ank
gre move smy
ion support alb move aeg
mid convoy por move bre
nap support ion
pie move mar
por move bre
rom move tys
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank hold
bre move pic
bud support rum
bul support rum
con hold
eas move ion
ion hold
mid move eng
mar move bur
pic move bel
smy move syr
tys move wes
ven move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove con
remove smy
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support bul move con
bel move wal
bud support rum
bul move con
bur support pic move par
eas move ion
eng convoy bel move wal
gal move ukr
gre move aeg
nap move tys
pic move par
rum support gal move ukr
syr move arm
tyr move ven
vie support gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move arm
arm move sev
bud move gal
bur move bel
eas move ion
eng support wal move lon
ion hold
rum support ukr move sev
tys move wes
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie support bud move gal
wal move lon
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
Italy: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
remove eas
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move hol
bud move vie
eng move nth
lon move yor
mid move iri
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move ven
rum move ukr
tyr support rom move ven
ven move pie
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
boh move sil
bur move ruh
con move ank
gal move war
ion move gre
iri hold
mid move nat
nth support yor move edi
pie move ven
sev move mos
smy move con
tri move vie
tyr support ven move tri
tys move ion
ukr support gal move war
ven move tri
vie move boh
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
boh move tyr
bud move tri
con move aeg
edi support iri move lvp
gre move aeg
hol move nwy
ion move eas
iri move lvp
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nth convoy hol move nwy
rom move ven
ruh support tyr move mun
sev support ukr move mos
sil move boh
tri move ser
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie support boh move tyr
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: army/dislodged lvp
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
boh move mun
con move smy
eas move smy
edi move nwy
gre move bul/sc
ion move aeg
mun move tyr
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
rom move ven
ruh support mun
ser support ven move tri
tri move ven
tyr move pie
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bar
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: army nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Italy: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
