PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
arm move sev
bla move ank
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul hold
con support bul
den move swe
eng support pic move bel
gal move vie
ion move gre
kie move hol
lvp hold
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie move tyr
ruh support kie move hol
spa move por
ukr move sev
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
ank move con
arm support con move ank
bel move bur
bot convoy stp move swe
bre move eng
con move ank
den move swe
eng move nth
gre support nap move ion
hol support bel
kie move bal
lvp move yor
mar hold
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy move ska
por move spa
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser move tri
sev support ukr move rum
stp move swe
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
ank hold
arm move sev
bal support den move swe
bla move bul/ec
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
bur move bel
den move swe
eng move lon
gal move war
gre support bla move bul/ec
hol move kie
ion move tun
mar move spa/sc
mun move sil
nth move hel
rum support bla move bul/ec
ser move tri
sev support rum
sil move pru
ska support bot move swe
spa move gas
stp move nwy
tri support vie move bud
ven support tri
vie move bud
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
remove ska
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bal move bot
bel hold
bot support nwy move swe
bre move eng
bud support ser move tri
bul/ec move bla
con move bul
den hold
eng move iri
gas hold
gre move aeg
hel move hol
kie support den
mos move lvn
nap move ion
nwy move swe
par move bre
pru support sil move war
rom move apu
rum move bul
ser move tri
sev move arm
sil move war
spa/sc move mid
tri move alb
tun hold
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war support mos move lvn
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support apu move gre
alb support ven move tri
ank move bla
apu move gre
arm move sev
bal move den
bel support kie move hol
bot support swe
bre move lon
bud support ser move tri
bul/ec move con
con move smy
den move nth
edi move lvp
eng convoy bre move lon
gas hold
hol hold
ion convoy apu move gre
iri move lvp
kie move hol
lon hold
lvn support mos move war
mid move nat
mos move war
pru support war
rum move bul
ser move tri
sev move arm
tun hold
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
remove smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb move ser
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
bot move bal
bre move lvp
bud support ser
bul move rum
con move bul/ec
den move hel
edi hold
eng convoy bre move lvp
gas hold
gre support alb move ser
hel move nth
hol hold
ion move eas
iri convoy bre move lvp
kie move bal
lon move pic
lvn move war
mos support sev
nat support bre move lvp
nth support den move hel
pru move lvn
ser hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri move bud
tun hold
vie support tri move bud
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bud disband
lvn move stp
ser disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
arm support bla move sev
bel hold
bla move sev
bot move bal
bud hold
bul/ec move con
den move kie
eas support gre move smy
edi hold
eng support hol move lon
gas hold
gre move smy
hel move den
hol move lon
iri move lvp
kie support hel move den
lon move yor
lvn move mos
lvp move edi
nat move nrg
nth convoy hol move lon
nwy move nth
rum support sev
ser hold
sev support rum
stp support mos
tun hold
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army/dislodged den
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move swe
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove edi
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move kie
bel move ruh
boh move gal
bud hold
con move ank
den move swe
eas move aeg
eng move lon
gal move boh
gas move mar
iri move eng
kie move ber
lon move nwy
lvn move stp
lvp hold
mar move spa/sc
mos move lvn
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg support lon move nwy
rom move ven
ser move bul
sev support rum
smy support con move ank
stp support mos move lvn
swe support nwy
tun hold
ven move tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army/dislodged lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
lvn move war
nwy move bar
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move bla
bar support swe move nwy
ber move kie
boh move vie
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con move ank
den support nwy move swe
edi hold
eng move mid
gal move ukr
ion move adr
kie move den
lon hold
lvn move mos
lvp move edi
mar move pie
nth move hol
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
ruh support ber move kie
rum move ser
sev move rum
smy support con move ank
spa/sc move wes
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tun hold
tyr move mun
ven move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Russia: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Germany: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move bal
nwy move fin
rum move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
remove gal
remove hol
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
remove sev
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move bla
bal convoy lvn move swe
bar move nrg
bul move rum
con move aeg
den support kie move bal
edi hold
fin move stp
kie move bal
lon move eng
lvn move swe
lvp hold
mid move naf
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nrg move nth
nwy move fin
pie support mun move tyr
rom move tus
ruh move mun
rum move bud
smy move arm
stp support nwy move fin
tri move tyr
tun move naf
ukr support war move gal
ven support rom move tus
vie support tri move tyr
war move gal
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army/dislodged fin
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
fin move swe
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bal support mun move ber
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
bud support rum
den move kie
edi hold
eng move mid
fin move nwy
gal move war
ion support tun
lvn move war
lvp move edi
gol move tys
mun move ber
naf move tun
nth move hol
nrg support lvp move edi
pie move tus
ruh support ber move kie
rum support bud
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tun hold
tus move pie
tys move gol
ukr move gal
ven support tus move pie
vie support tri move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: army/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army/dislodged pie
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
edi move cly
pie disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove cly
build Fleet mar
build Army nap
remove nrg
build Army par
build Fleet rom
remove ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move kie
ber support bal move kie
bla move rum
bre move pic
bud move gal
den move hel
edi move yor
gal move boh
gre move alb
hol move hel
ion support tun
kie move hel
lvn move war
gol hold
mid hold
mar support gol
mos support lvn move war
naf support wes
nap move apu
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie support rom move tus
rom move tus
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
swe move den
tun support tys
tyr move boh
tys support rom move tus
ven support pie
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
gal move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
apu move ven
ber move pru
bur move ruh
den move hel
gal support ukr move war
hol move nth
ion move tys
gol move spa/sc
mid support wes
mar hold
mos support war
mun hold
naf support wes
pic move bur
pie support tys move gol
rum hold
sev move mos
sil support war
stp support mos
swe move nwy
tun support ion move tys
tus support tys move gol
tyr support vie move boh
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie move boh
war support mos
wes hold
yor hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army par
build Army rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
