PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun via convoy
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
eng support bur move bel
fin move swe
gal support rum
hol hold
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
ukr move sev
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support par move bur
ber move bal
bla convoy con move rum
bre move mid
bud support vie move gal
bul support con move rum
con move rum via convoy
eng support hol move nth
gal support rum
gre move aeg
hol move nth
ion move eas
kie move den
lon move nth
mos move sev
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy move swe
par move bur
rum hold
ser move gre
sev move arm
spa move mar
stp/nc move bar
swe support kie move den
tri move ser
ven move pie
vie move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gal move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support tun move smy
ank move smy
bal move kie
bar move nwy
bel move wal via convoy
bla move sev
bud move rum
bur move bel
den hold
eas convoy tun move smy
eng convoy bel move wal
gal support bud move rum
gre support ser move bul
hel move kie
ion convoy tun move smy
kie move mun
lon hold
mid move por
mar hold
mos move war
nth move hol
nwy move swe
pie hold
rum support bla move sev
ser move bul
sev support ukr move rum
swe support bar move nwy
tun move smy via convoy
ukr move rum
yor move edi
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
nwy move nth
rum disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove hel
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank move smy
bal move den
bel move lon
bre support eng
bud move gal
bul move con
con support ank move smy
den move kie
eas support smy
edi move lvp
eng convoy bel move lon
gal move ukr
gre move bul
hol hold
kie move hel
lon hold
mar hold
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth support lon
nwy move nrg
pie move ven
por move spa/sc
rum support gal move ukr
sev support ukr move rum
smy support bul move con
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
ukr move rum
vie move boh
wal support bel move lon
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bel move ruh
boh move gal
bre move gas
bud support ukr move rum
bul support ukr move rum
bur move par
con support smy move ank
den support hel move nth
eas move ion
eng support wal move lon
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion move tys
kie move mun
lon hold
lvp move wal
mar move gas
nth support hol move bel
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
rum hold
sev support rum
smy move ank
spa/sc move gol
tys move gol
ukr move rum
ven move pie
wal move lon
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank disband
lon move yor
nth move bel
rum move ser
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet rom
remove spa/sc
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move arm
bar move nrg
bel move eng
bre support lon move pic
bud support rum
bul move ser
con move bul
den move kie
eas move ion
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move ukr
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie move mun
lon move pic via convoy
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nth move eng
nrg move nat
nwy support bar move nrg
par support mun move bur
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh move bel
rum support gal move ukr
tri support bul move ser
tys move gol
wal support yor move lon
war support mos move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel hold
bre hold
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur support mun move ruh
eng move bel
gal move boh
gre move ion
hol support nth move bel
ion move tys
kie hold
lon hold
gol support pie move mar
mar move spa
mos support sev
mun move ruh
nat move cly
nth move bel
nrg move edi
nwy hold
par move pic
pic support eng move bel
pie move mar
ruh support eng move bel
rum support arm move sev
ser move bud
sev hold
tri move vie
tun move naf
tys move wes
wal support lon
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mun
remove spa
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support rum move sev
bel support hol move nth
boh move sil
bre hold
bud move rum
bur support bel
cly move lvp
edi support nwy move nth
eng move bel
gal support boh move sil
hol move nth
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon hold
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mos support sev
mun hold
naf support wes move mid
nwy move nth
par move pic
pic support eng move bel
ruh move kie
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev hold
stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie
tys move gol
ven hold
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support rum move sev
bel support hol
ber hold
boh move sil
bre move mid
bur support mun
cly move lvp
edi move yor
eng support pic move bel
gal support sil move war
hol support bel
kie move den
lon hold
gol move spa/sc
mid move nat
mos support war
mun support bur
naf move mid
nth hold
nwy support nth
par move pic
pic move bel
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev hold
sil move war
spa/sc move por
ven move pie
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
sev disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove eng
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel support hol move nth
ber move bal
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud move rum
bur move pic
cly move lvp
den hold
gal support rum move ukr
hol move nth
lon move yor
mar move bur
mos support war
mun move kie
naf support spa/sc move mid
nap move tys
nth support yor move lon
nwy hold
par support bur move pic
pie move mar
por move spa/nc
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc move mid
tri move tyr
ven hold
vie move boh
wal support lon move yor
war hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
Russia: fleet/dislodged yor
ORDERS
nth move hel
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bal move ber
bel move hol
boh move sil
bre hold
bur support mar move gas
den move swe
edi support hel move nth
gal move war
hel move nth
kie support bal move ber
mid move iri
mar move gas
mos support war
mun support sil move ber
naf move wes
nat support mid move iri
nap move tys
nth move lon
nwy move bar
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
rum support ukr
sev move mos
sil move ber
spa/nc move mid
tyr move boh
tys move ion
ukr support gal move war
ven move tus
wal move lvp
war support mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bre move eng
nth move eng
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bar
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army vie
remove wal
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bal convoy swe move pru
ber support swe move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bre support par
bud move gal
bur support gas
edi move nth
hol move bel
iri convoy tus move lvp
kie support ber
lvn move war
lvp move iri
mid convoy tus move lvp
mos support lvn move war
mun move ruh
nat support tus move lvp
nth move lon
par support bre
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil support war
swe move pru via convoy
tus move lvp via convoy
tyr move mun
tys convoy tus move lvp
ukr support sev move mos
vie move tyr
war support sev move mos
wes convoy tus move lvp
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Russia: fleet/dislodged lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
lvp move wal
mos move stp
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bal support pru
bel move hol
ber support kie
bre support par
bur support gas
edi hold
gal move war
gas support bur
iri move eng
kie support ber
lvn support stp
lvp hold
mid move nat
mos support war move lvn
mun move kie
nat move nrg
nth support wal move lon
par support bre
pru support ber
ruh support mun move kie
sev support mos
sil move ber
stp hold
tyr move mun
tys hold
ukr support gal move war
wal move lon
war move lvn
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army ven
build Army vie
remove yor
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal support den move kie
ber support den move kie
boh move sil
bre support par
bud move gal
bur move par
den move kie
edi hold
eng move nth
gas support bur move par
hol support den move kie
kie move hol
lon hold
lvn support mos move stp
lvp support nrg move edi
mid move bre
mos move stp
mun support sil move ber
nat move nrg
nth move nwy
nrg move edi
par support bre
pru support ber
ruh support kie move hol
sev move mos
sil move ber
stp hold
tys hold
ukr support war
ven hold
vie move boh
war support lvn
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Russia: fleet/dislodged edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
edi move yor
hol move bel
par move pic
stp move fin
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
bal move den
bel move hol
ber move mun
boh move mun
bre support pic move par
fin move stp
gas support par
hol support mun move kie
kie support ber move mun
lon hold
lvn move pru
mid move bre
mos support stp
mun move kie
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy support fin move stp
par support mid move bre
pic move par
pru move ber
ruh support mun move kie
sil move ber
stp hold
tys hold
ukr support war
ven hold
vie move boh
war support lvn move pru
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
nwy move swe
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army bud
remove fin
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army tri
remove yor
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move syr
bel support pic
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud move vie
den support ber move kie
edi move nth
gal move war
gas move bre
hol move bel
lon hold
lvp move yor
mid move eng
mos move stp
nap move tys
nrg move nwy
nwy move ska
par support gas move bre
pic support bel
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh support kie
sil support pru move ber
stp move fin
swe hold
tri move tyr
tys move tun
ukr move mos
ven hold
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
bel support pic
bre hold
den support swe
eng move lon
fin move swe
hol support ruh move bel
lon hold
nth support ska move den
nwy support fin move swe
par move pic
pic support bel
ruh move bel
ska move den
swe hold
yor support eng move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Russia: fleet/dislodged lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
bel move eng
den move bal
lon disband
swe disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
