PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev hold
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move mar
eng move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move ruh
nth convoy yor move nwy
pie move mar
ser move rum
sev hold
smy move con
stp move nwy
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move kie
bla support con move bul
bud move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
den move ska
edi move nrg
gre move ser
hol move bel
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth support bel
par move bur
pie move mar
por move mid
ruh support hol move bel
rum support bud move ser
sev move rum
smy move con
spa support bur move mar
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun move wes
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
bla support ukr move rum
bud support rum move ser
bul move ser
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
fin support nwy
gre support bul move ser
hol move ruh
kie move den
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar support par move bur
mun support ruh move bur
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy support ska move nth
par move bur
ruh move bur
rum move ser
sev support ukr move rum
ska support edi move nwy
spa support mar
tri hold
tys support wes move gol
ukr move rum
ven support pie
vie move gal
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tus
nwy move swe
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
bud move ser
bul move ser
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
fin support swe move nwy
gre move alb
hol move bel
lon move eng
gol move tys
mar support par move bur
mun support ruh move bur
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh move bur
rum support bul move ser
sev support rum
ska support nwy move swe
smy move aeg
spa support mar
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri hold
tus move tys
tys move tun
ven move rom
vie move gal
war move gal
wes support tus move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bar move stp/nc
bel move pic
bud support vie move tri
bul support ser
bur support gol move mar
den move swe
eng move bre
fin support stp/nc
gol move mar
mar move gas
mun hold
nth support nwy
nrg move nat
nwy support den move swe
par move bre
pie support gol move mar
rom move nap
rum move bud
ser support alb move tri
ska support den move swe
spa move mar
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun hold
tys move rom
vie move tri
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
remove fin
remove mar
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move kie
bar support nwy move stp
ber move pru
bud support ven move tri
bul move ser
bur move par
con move bul
eng move bre
gal move vie
gas move bre
ion move adr
gol support spa move mar
mun move sil
nat move mid
nap move rom
nth move eng
nwy move stp
par move bur
pic support eng move bre
pie move tus
rom hold
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev hold
ska move swe
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe move fin
tri support ser move bud
tun move tys
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
bar move nrg
bla convoy bul move arm
bre hold
bud support ser move rum
bul move arm via convoy
bur support pic move par
eng support bre
fin move stp
gal move vie
gas move bur
gol move wes
mid move por
mar support gas move bur
nap move rom
par support gas move bur
pic move par
pru move war
rom move tys
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev hold
sil support pru move war
stp move mos
swe move den
tri support adr move ven
tus support nap move rom
tys support nap move rom
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move ruh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bur
build Army con
build Army edi
remove gal
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
remove sev
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bre move mid
bud move vie
con move bul
den move kie
edi move lvp
eng convoy lon move bre
ion move tys
kie move hol
lon move bre via convoy
lvp move iri
mar move spa
mos support war move ukr
mun support den move kie
nrg move nat
par move bre
pic support lon move bre
por move spa/sc
rom support adr move ven
ruh move hol
rum move gal
sil move ber
stp move lvn
tri support bud move vie
tus move pie
tys move gol
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Russia: fleet/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move bal
ukr disband
ven move apu
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
apu move nap
bal move swe
ber hold
bla convoy ank move rum
bre move gas
bud move vie
bul move ser
eng convoy lon move bel
gal support bud move vie
iri support nat move mid
kie move den
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support ukr move war
lvp move wal
gol move mar
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nat move mid
par hold
pic move par
pie support gol move mar
por move spa/sc
rom move nap
ruh move mun
tri support ven
tys move tun
ukr move war
vie move bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move bur
vie disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove apu
remove bur
build Fleet con
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move sev
con move aeg
den move swe
eng convoy wal move bre
gal support rum move ukr
gas support wal move bre
iri move mid
lvn support ukr move mos
mid move spa/sc
mar move gol
mun support pic move bur
nap move tys
pic move bur
pie move mar
por support mid move spa
rom move tus
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev move mos
smy move eas
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tys move tun
ukr move mos
ven move adr
vie move tyr
wal move bre via convoy
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
ank move sev via convoy
bla convoy ank move sev
bre support pic move par
bur move mar
eas support aeg move ion
eng move nth
gal move war
gas support por move spa
lvn move stp
gol move tys
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar move pie
mos support war
nwy move stp/nc
pic move par
por move spa/sc
sev move mos
spa/sc move wes
tun hold
tus support mar move pie
tys move rom
ukr support sev move mos
ven move rom
war support mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet edi
remove gol
remove pie
build Army smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support smy move nap
ber move pru
bre move gas
con move bul
eas convoy smy move nap
edi move nrg
gal support ukr move war
gas move mid
ion convoy smy move nap
kie move den
lvn move mos
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun move tyr
nth move nwy
par move bur
sev move ukr
smy move nap via convoy
spa/sc move gol
swe support nth move nwy
tri move ven
tus move rom
tys move tun
ukr move war
ven move rom
war support lvn move mos
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move stp/nc
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move mar
den move kie
gas move spa
lvn move mos
gol support wes move tys
mid support naf move wes
mun move tyr
naf move wes
nrg move bar
nwy move stp/nc
pie support mun move tyr
pru move war
sil move boh
stp/nc hold
swe move nwy
tun move ion
tus move rom
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army/dislodged tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove swe
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support lvn move stp
boh move vie
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvn move stp
lvp move wal
gol convoy mar move tus
mid support wes
mar move tus via convoy
nwy support lvn move stp
pie support tyr move ven
pru move war
rom support spa move nap
spa move nap via convoy
stp/nc hold
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys convoy spa move nap
wes convoy spa move nap
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp
ber move sil
eng hold
gol move tys
mid hold
nap move apu
nwy move nth
pie move ven
pru move lvn
tus support pie move ven
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
wal move lon
wes support tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army lvp
build Army mun
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nrg
ber move pru
kie move ber
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn move mos
lvp move wal
gol move tys
mun move boh
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move nwy
rom support nap move apu
sil move war
stp support lvn move mos
tri move ser
tun support tys move ion
tus support rom
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie move bud
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
Turkey: fleet/dislodged apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
boh move vie
eng convoy wal move gre
ion convoy wal move gre
mid convoy wal move gre
mos support pru move war
nrg move nat
pru move war
rom move nap
sil support pru move war
stp support mos
tri move alb
tun support tys move ion
tys convoy wal move gre
wal move gre via convoy
wes convoy wal move gre
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Army rom
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
