PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hel
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla convoy con move sev
bot move swe
bul support gal move rum
bur move pic
con move sev via convoy
eng move bel
gal move rum
hel support kie move den
ion move gre
kie move den
mid move por
nth move hol
ruh move mun
rum support ser move bul
ser support alb move gre
spa hold
tus move ven
ukr move sev
ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move nth
bla move sev
bre move mid
bud support vie move tri
bul support gre
con move smy
edi move yor
gre move ion
hel support kie move hol
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move hol
mos support ukr move sev
nap move ion
par move bur
pic support par move bur
por move spa/sc
rum support bla move sev
ser support vie move tri
sev move arm
spa move mar
swe move nwy
tri hold
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
hol move bel
tri move ven
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support lon move hol
bla move sev
bud move vie
bul support rum
bur move ruh
den move swe
gal move bud
gre move alb
hel support hol
lon move hol via convoy
mid support spa/sc
mar move bur
mos move sev
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move hol
pic support mar move bur
rum move gal
ser support tri
sev move rum
smy support ank move arm
spa/sc support mid
tri support bud move vie
tun support nap move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
wal move yor
yor move edi
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army sev
build Army stp
remove yor
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support bul move rum
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur support ruh move mun
gal support bul move rum
hel move nth
hol support kie move ruh
ion move alb
kie move ruh
mid support spa/sc move wes
mos support sev
mun support kie move ruh
nth support bel move hol
pic hold
ruh move mun
rum support bud move ser
ser support bul move rum
sev hold
smy move con
spa/sc move wes
stp move fin
tri support ser
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ber
rum move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ven move tri
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber move mun
bla support rum
bud move rum
bur support mun
con move bul
edi hold
fin move swe
gal move bud
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie support ber move mun
lon hold
mid support wes
mos support sev
mun hold
nth support bel move hol
nwy support fin move swe
pic support bel
ruh support ber move mun
rum support gal move bud
ser support tri
sev support bud move rum
tri support gal move bud
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support bud move rum
ven move tri
vie support tri
war move gal
wes support mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: army/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move sil
swe move den
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove kie
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel support nth move hol
bla support arm move sev
bud move tri
bul support rum
bur support sil move mun
den move swe
edi move yor
gal support ukr move rum
gre move aeg
hel move nth
hol move bel
mid support wes
mos support sev
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move hol
nwy move ska
pic support bel
ruh support hol move bel
rum support arm move sev
ser support tri move alb
sev support ukr move rum
sil move mun
smy move aeg
swe support nth move den
tri move alb
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support bud move tri
wes support mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Italy: fleet/dislodged alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move adr
hol move kie
mun move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb move gre
arm support rum move sev
bel support hol
bla support rum move sev
boh move mun
bud move tri
bul support alb move gre
bur support mun
gal support tyr move vie
gre move aeg
hol hold
ion move eas
kie move hol
lon hold
mid support wes
mos support sev
mun hold
nth support kie move hol
pic support bel
ruh support kie move hol
rum move sev
ser support bud move tri
sev support ukr move rum
ska move nwy
smy move aeg
swe hold
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support bud move tri
wes support mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move ion
hol move hel
sev move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
remove den
build Army par
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel hold
bla support sev
boh move sil
bud support vie move tri
bul support ser move rum
bur move ruh
eas support ion move aeg
edi move yor
gal support tyr move vie
gre move alb
hel move den
hol move bel
ion move aeg
lon hold
mid support wes
mos move sev
mun support bur move ruh
nth support hol move bel
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic support bel
ruh support hol move bel
rum support gal
ser move rum
sev move ukr
smy hold
swe move den
tri move adr
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie move tri
wes support mid
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ruh move kie
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
aeg move gre
alb move apu via convoy
arm support smy
bel move nth
bla support sev
bud move tri
bul move con
bur support mun
eas move aeg
gal support tyr move vie
hel support bel move nth
hol move ruh
kie support sil move mun
mid move eng
mos support ukr
mun support ruh move kie
nth move hel
nwy move nrg
pic support bel
ruh move kie
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil move mun
swe support kie move den
tyr move vie
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support bud move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nth move edi
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army ber
remove lon
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
arm move ank
ber support kie move mun
bla convoy sev move bul
boh move tyr
bud support adr move tri
bur support mun
con support sev move bul
eng support pic move bel
gal support vie
gre move alb
hel support yor move den
hol move ruh
kie move mun
mos support ukr
mun support ruh move kie
nap move apu
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nth
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum support bud
sev move bul via convoy
sil support kie move mun
smy move aeg
swe move den
tys hold
ukr support gal
ven move tyr
vie hold
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb support ion move gre
ank move smy
apu move adr
bel hold
ber move kie
bla move con
boh move vie
bud support tri
bul move gre
bur support kie move mun
con move bul
den hold
edi move cly
eng move lon
gal support ukr move rum
hel move hol
ion move gre
kie move mun
mos move sev
nth support hel move hol
nrg move nwy
rom move ven
ruh move hol
rum move ser
sil support mun
tri hold
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove ruh
remove ser
remove sil
remove smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg move gre
alb support ion move gre
ber move kie
bla move con
bre move eng
bul move ser
bur move mun
cly move lvp
con move bul
gal support rum move bud
hol move nth
ion move gre
kie support bur move mun
lon support bre move eng
mar move gol
mun support ber move kie
nth move nrg
par move bur
rum move bud
stp/sc move bot
tyr move tri
tys hold
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
aeg support bul move gre
alb move ion
bel move hol
ber move kie
bot move swe
bud support gal
bul move gre
bur support kie move mun
con move smy
eng move bel
gal support bud
gre support alb move ion
kie move mun
lon move nth
gol move wes
mun move ruh
nth move edi
nrg move cly
nwy support bot move swe
par move pic
ser support bul move gre
sev move rum
sil hold
swe move fin
tri move ser
tys move ion
ven move alb via convoy
vie hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove den
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
aeg move gre
alb move ion
ank move con
bel move nth
bre move eng
bur move ruh
cly move nat
con move bul
edi move cly
fin move nwy
gal move boh
gre move alb
hol support bur move ruh
kie move den
lvp move wal
mun support bur move ruh
nap support alb move ion
nth move den
nwy move ska
pic move bel
ser support gre move alb
sil support gal move boh
smy move eas
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
tri support ven move alb
tys support nap move ion
ven move alb via convoy
vie support tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move alb
bel move eng
boh support sil move mun
bot move swe
bud hold
bul support aeg move gre
cly move lvp
con move aeg
eas move ion
eng move lon
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion support nap
kie move den
mid hold
mun support hol move kie
nat move iri
nap support ion
nth support kie move den
pic move bel
ruh support mun
ser support gre move alb
sil move mun
swe move den
tri move alb
tys support ion
ven move tri
vie hold
wal move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move alb
aeg move ion
bel move eng
boh move mun
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move aeg
den move kie
eas support aeg move ion
eng move lon
gre move alb
ion move gre
iri support lvp move wal
kie move ber
lvp move wal
mid support bel move eng
mun support kie move ber
nap support ion
nth support eng move lon
nwy move fin
par move bur
pic move bel
ruh move kie
ser move tri
sil move ber
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tys support ion
ven support tri
vie support tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tun move ion
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bel move edi
boh support sil move mun
bul support tri move ser
bur support mun
den hold
eas move ion
eng support mid
gre support ion move alb
ion move alb
iri move nat
kie move ber
lon support nth
mid support eng
mun support kie move ber
nap support tun move ion
nth convoy bel move edi
nwy move nrg
ruh move kie
rum move gal
sil move mun
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ven support alb move tri
vie support alb move tri
wal move lvp
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
remove nat
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move alb
aeg support eas move ion
alb move adr
ber move pru
boh move mun
bre move eng
bul move gre
bur support mun
den hold
eas move ion
edi hold
eng move wal
fin move swe
gal move war
gre move alb
ion hold
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvp hold
mid move nat
mar move gol
mun support kie move ber
nap support ion
nth move hel
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
ser move tri
sil support boh move mun
ska support nwy move nth
tri move alb
tys support ion
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
ber move kie
boh move sil
bud move gal
bul support ser
bur support mun
den move kie
eas support aeg
edi support wal move lvp
eng move bel
gre hold
hel move hol
ion support alb move gre
lon move nth
lvp hold
gol move wes
mun support ber move kie
nat move nrg
nap support ion
nth move hol
nrg move nth
pru move ber
ser support gre
sil move war
ska move den
swe support ska move den
tri move ser
tys support ion
vie hold
wal move lvp
war move lvn
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvp disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army par
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support gre
alb support tri move ser
bel support lon move nth
ber support mun move sil
bul support ser
bur move ruh
con move smy
den support nth move hel
eas move ion
edi hold
gal move boh
gre hold
hel move hol
kie move den
lon move nth
lvn move pru
lvp move cly
mun move sil
nat move nrg
nap support ion
nth move hel
nrg support nth
par move pic
ser hold
sil support gal move boh
stp/sc move bot
swe support den
tri move ser
tys support ion
vie move tri
war support lvn move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sil move gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb
aeg move gre
alb support tri
bel move nth
ber support sil move pru
boh move mun
bot move bal
bul support ser
cly support nat move nrg
den support hel move kie
eas move ion
edi hold
gal move sil
hel move kie
hol support kie
ion hold
kie support ruh move mun
mid hold
nat move nrg
nap support ion
nth move nwy
nrg move nwy
pic move bur
pru support gal move sil
ruh move mun
ser support gre move alb
sil move pru
smy move aeg
swe support nrg move nwy
tri support alb
tys support ion
vie move tyr
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Russia: army/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pru move lvn
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support gre
alb move tri
bal support hel move kie
bel move nth
ber support bur move mun
boh support sil
bul support ser
bur move mun
cly move nrg
den support hel move kie
eas support aeg
gre support ser
hel move kie
hol support bel move nth
ion move tys
kie support bur move mun
lvn support war move pru
mid move nat
nap support ion move tys
nth move ska
nrg move bar
pru move sil
ruh support bur move mun
ser support gre
sil move ber
smy support eas
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tyr support boh move mun
tys support ion
war move pru
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tys move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move nap
bal support den
bar support edi move nwy
ber move kie
boh move mun
bul move rum
eas move ion
edi move nwy
gre move ser
hol support ber move kie
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mun support ber move kie
nat move mid
nap move tys
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pru support kie move ber
ruh support mun
ser move bud
sil support kie move ber
ska move swe
smy move con
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ven move pie
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove ven
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal move swe
bar support nwy move stp
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move vie
con move aeg
den support bal move swe
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion move apu
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mun support hol move kie
nap move tys
nth move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie move mar
pru move war
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sil move gal
ska support nth move den
smy move eas
swe move fin
tun move naf
tyr move mun
tys move tun
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move bal
stp move mos
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
apu support tri move ven
arm move sev
bal move bot
bar support stp
bur move mun
den move swe
eas move ion
fin support swe
gal move rum
kie move den
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move ber
naf support mid move wes
nwy support den move swe
pie move tus
pru move lvn
ruh move kie
ska support nwy
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun support wes
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ukr support arm move sev
vie support alb move tri
war move mos
wes support tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
swe move bal
wes move tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove lvn
build Fleet mar
remove nap
build Army par
remove rum
build Fleet smy
remove tun
remove tus
remove tyr
remove tys
remove war
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu move nap
bar support stp
ber move pru
bot support fin move stp
bre move mid
con move bul
den move bal
fin move stp
gre support ion
ion support apu move nap
kie move ber
mar move gol
mos support fin move stp
mun hold
naf move tun
nwy support stp
par move bur
pie support tus move ven
sev move mos
ska support swe
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mar move gol
swe hold
tri support ven
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
tys move ion
ukr move war
ven support tri
vie support tri
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Turkey: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bal support ska move swe
bar support stp
ber support bur move mun
bot support fin move swe
bul move rum
bur move mun
fin move swe
gre support aeg move ion
ion move adr
gol move tus
mid move spa/sc
mun move sil
nap support rom
nwy support stp
pie support ven
pru support mun move sil
rom support tri move ven
sev move ukr
ska move swe
spa/sc move gol
stp support swe move fin
swe move fin
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr move ven
tys support ven move rom
ven move rom
vie move tri
war hold
wes support tun
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move apu
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
