PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber support war move kie
con move bul
edi move yor
kie move hel
lon move wal
lvp move wal
mos move lvn
mun move tyr
nap move ion
rom move apu
sev hold
smy move arm
stp/sc move lvn
ven hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
apu move tun via convoy
arm move sev
bul move ser
con move aeg
ion convoy apu move tun
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mos move lvn
sev support ukr move rum
stp/sc hold
ukr move rum
ven hold
yor move nth
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
con move bul
ion move eas
mos move war
nap move ion
rum move bud
ser support aeg move gre
sev hold
stp/sc move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm move smy
bul move rum
eas move smy
gre hold
ion convoy tun move gre
lvn move swe via convoy
ser support gre
tun move gre via convoy
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bot convoy lvn move swe
bul move rum
con move aeg
eas move aeg
gal move bud
gre move ion
ion support eas move aeg
rum support gal move bud
ser support bul move rum
smy move eas
ven move apu
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bot convoy lvn move swe
con move aeg
eas move smy
gal move rum
gre move ion
ion convoy tun move alb
lvn move swe via convoy
rum hold
ser support rum
sev support gal move rum
smy move eas
tun move alb via convoy
ukr support gal move rum
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support smy move eas
alb support ion move gre
ank move bla
arm move sev
bot move bal
eas move aeg
gal move rum
gre move ion
ion move gre
rum move gal
ser move alb
sev support gal move rum
smy move eas
ukr support gal move rum
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
eas move syr
rum move bul
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb support apu move gre
apu move gre via convoy
arm move sev
bal convoy swe move kie
bla support arm move sev
bul move rum
eas move ion
gre move alb
ion convoy apu move gre
rum hold
ser support gre move alb
sev hold
swe move kie via convoy
syr move smy
ukr support sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ion move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove ser
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support arm move smy
arm move smy
bal support kie move ber
bla move sev
bul move rum
ion move tun
kie move ber
mos support sev
nap move ion
rom move tun via convoy
rum hold
sev hold
smy move con
tys convoy rom move tun
ukr support rum
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
apu move ven
bal move den
ber move mun
bla move sev
bul move rum
con move bul/sc
ion move gre
mos move sev
nap move ion
rom move tun via convoy
rum support con move bul
sev move bla
sil move ber
smy support aeg move con
tys convoy rom move tun
ukr support rum
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bul move ser
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
bla move sev
bul/sc move gre
con move bul/ec
den move nth
ion convoy tun move alb
mos move war
mun move boh
rum support bul/sc
ser support con move bul
sev hold
smy move arm
stp move nwy
tun move alb via convoy
tys move gol
ukr support rum
ven move pie
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Italy: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bul/sc move aeg
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
alb support ion move gre
arm move sev
bla move rum
boh support gal move vie
bul/ec support bla move rum
gal move vie
gre hold
ion move gre
kie move hol
gol support pie move mar
nth move bel
pie move mar
rum hold
ser hold
sev hold
ukr support sev
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Fleet ven
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support gre
arm move sev
bel move nth
boh move tyr
bul/ec support rum
con move aeg
gal move bud
gre support aeg
hol move ruh
gol move wes
mar move spa
mos support sev
rum hold
ser move alb
sev hold
smy support con move aeg
stp move lvn
ukr move rum
ven move adr
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
aeg support gre
alb move tri
arm move sev
bud support ukr move rum
bul/ec support rum move con
con move aeg
gal support ukr move rum
gre support aeg
lvn move pru
mos move ukr
nth convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi via convoy
ruh move mun
ser move bud
sev support ukr move rum
smy support con move aeg
spa move por
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
vie support tyr move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
rum move bla
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support gre
alb support ven move tri
bla move sev
bud support tri
bul/ec move rum
con move aeg
edi move yor
gal support rum
gre support aeg
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth support edi move yor
por move spa
pru move ber
rum hold
ser move bud
sev move arm
smy support con move aeg
spa/sc move mid
stp/sc move bot
tyr move pie
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie support tri
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move bul/sc
alb support tri
arm move ank
ber move mun
bla move sev
bot move bal
bud support vie move tri
bul/ec move rum
con move ank
gal support rum
gre support aeg move bul
ion move eas
mid move eng
mos move sev
nth move lon
pie support tyr move ven
rum hold
ser move bud
sil move boh
smy move aeg
spa move mar
tri support adr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr support rum
vie move tri
yor support nth move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
