PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
eng support yor move bel
hol support nth move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move bel
par move bre
pic move bel
pie support ven
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
spa move por
tri move ser
ukr support rum
ven support pie
war move mos
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
build Army tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move par
bud move vie
bul hold
bur support pie move mar
eng support bel
gre move aeg
hol hold
kie support den
lon move den via convoy
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nth convoy lon move den
pic move bre
pie move mar
por move spa
rom move tys
rum support ukr move sev
ser support bul
sev move arm
swe support lon move den
tri move alb
tun move wes
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move gre
arm move smy
bre move mid
bul move con
bur move bel
den move swe
eng support bel
gas support spa
hol support bur move bel
kie move ber
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move pru
mar move spa
nth convoy lon move hol
par move bur
ruh support bur move bel
rum move bla
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil move ber
spa hold
swe move nwy
tys move gol
ven hold
vie move boh
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move syr
bel support lon move hol
ber move mun
boh move gal
bul hold
bur move bel
eng support bel
gre support bul
hol support bur move bel
kie move den
lon move hol via convoy
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move swe
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh support bur move bel
rum move bla
ser move bud
sev move arm
sil support pru move ber
swe move fin
tri move vie
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support con
arm support syr move smy
ber move kie
bla move bul/ec
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move bel
con support bla move bul
den move swe
eng support bel
fin move stp
gal support bud move rum
gre support bul
hol support bur move bel
lon move den via convoy
gol support pie move mar
mun move ber
nth convoy lon move den
pie move mar
ruh move kie
rum support bla move bul
sil move war
smy hold
spa move por
swe support lon move den
syr move smy
ven move pie
vie move bud
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Austria: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
smy move aeg
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
remove bur
remove gas
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move con
arm move ank
bel move hol
ber support den move kie
bla move rum
bud move gal
bul support gre move con
con move bul
den move kie
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move ukr
gre move con via convoy
hol move nth
lon move bel via convoy
gol move wes
mid move wes
mar move gas
mos move ukr
mun support ruh move kie
nap move tys
nth support bel move hol
par move bur
pie move mar
por hold
ruh move kie
rum support gal move ukr
sev support bla move rum
smy support con
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
swe move nwy
ven hold
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol disband
rum move ser
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank move con
bel move ruh
ber support den move kie
boh move mun
bud support ser move rum
bul support con
bur move par
con hold
den move kie
eng move mid
gal support ser move rum
gas move bre
hol support den move kie
gol move wes
mid move bre
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nth support hol
nwy support mos move stp
rum move bul/ec
ser move rum
sev move bla
smy support ank move con
spa/sc move mid
stp move fin
tys support gol move wes
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove fin
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
remove mun
build Army sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank move con
bel move ruh
ber support war move sil
bla move rum
boh move mun
bud support rum
bul support con
con hold
edi move den via convoy
eng move iri
gal move ukr
gas support mar move bur
hol move bel
kie support bel move ruh
lon move eng
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos move ukr
nth convoy edi move den
par support mid move bre
ruh hold
rum support gal move ukr
sev support mos move ukr
smy support ank move con
spa/sc move mid
stp move lvn
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move sil
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ruh move hol
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank move con
bel support den move hol
ber move mun
bla support ank move con
boh support mun
bre move mid
bud support rum
bul support con
bur move par
con hold
den move hol via convoy
eng support iri move mid
gal move ukr
gas support por move bre
hol hold
iri move mid
kie support ber move mun
lvn move war
mid convoy por move bre
mun hold
nth convoy den move hol
nwy move swe
par hold
por move bre via convoy
ruh support ber move mun
rum support gal move ukr
sev move rum
sil support ber move mun
smy support ank move con
tyr support mun
ukr move gal
wes support mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank move con
bla support ank move con
boh move mun
bre move par
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur support boh move mun
con hold
gal move ukr
gas support bre move par
hol move kie
kie move den
mid move nat
mos move ukr
mun support sil
nap move ion
par support eng move bre
rum hold
sev support mos move ukr
sil support ukr move gal
smy support ank move con
swe hold
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ukr move gal
vie move boh
war support ukr move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move vie
mun move ber
par move pic
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ber move mun
bla move bul/ec
boh move gal
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur support mun
con support bla move bul
eng hold
gal move rum
gas move bre
ion move eas
iri hold
kie support ber move mun
nat move nrg
nth hold
par support gas move bre
pic move bre
ruh support ber move mun
rum hold
sev support gal move rum
sil move boh
smy support con
spa/sc move mid
swe move nwy
tyr support mun
ukr support gal move rum
vie support boh move gal
war move gal
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bel move nwy via convoy
ber support kie move mun
bla support rum move bul
boh support kie move mun
bre hold
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur move mun
con support rum move bul
den move swe
eas move smy
gal support ser move rum
kie support bur move mun
mid move nat
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth convoy bel move nwy
nrg support bel move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul
ser move rum
sev support ukr move rum
smy support con
stp/nc move bar
tyr support bur move mun
ukr move rum
vie support gal
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move gre
nwy move ska
smy move ank
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
ank move smy
bar move stp/nc
ber move mun
bla support bul
boh move vie
bre move lvp via convoy
bud move rum
bul support con
bur move bel
con support ank move smy
den move swe
eng move nth
gal move ukr
gre support ser move bul
ion move eas
kie move ber
mid convoy bre move lvp
mun support vie move boh
nat convoy bre move lvp
nth move den
nrg move edi
nwy support den move swe
ruh support mun
ser move bul
sev support ukr move rum
sil move pru
ska move swe
smy move con
tyr support mun
ukr move rum
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove den
remove gre
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
remove ska
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel move bur
ber move sil
bla support sev move rum
boh support gal move vie
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con support smy
eas move smy
edi move nth
gal move vie
iri move lvp
kie move hol
lvp move yor
mid hold
mun move bur
nat move lvp
nap move ion
nth convoy nwy move lon
nwy move lon via convoy
pru move lvn
rom move tys
ruh move bur
rum move ser
sev move rum
smy support con
swe move nwy
syr support eas move smy
tyr move boh
ukr support bud move rum
ven move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
smy move ank
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support con
bel move bur
bla move rum
boh move mun
bul support rum
con support ank
edi move nth
gal move bud
hol support nwy move bel
ion move tys
iri move eng
lon move yor
lvn move mos
mid move iri
mun move kie
nat move lvp
nth convoy nwy move bel
nwy move bel via convoy
ruh support boh move mun
rum hold
ser support gal move bud
sev support bla move rum
sil support boh move mun
smy support aeg move con
stp/nc hold
syr support smy
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
vie move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
build Army rom
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ank move smy
bel support ruh move bur
bla support con move bul
bud support sev move rum
bul hold
bur move pic
con move bul
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move vie
hol move lon via convoy
iri support wes move mid
kie move den
lon move bre via convoy
lvp move wal
mos support ukr move sev
mun support sil move boh
nth convoy hol move lon
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum support ukr move sev
ser support sev move rum
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy move con
stp/nc hold
syr move smy
tyr support gal move vie
tys move wes
ukr move sev
ven move pie
wes move mid
yor support lvp move wal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Italy: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
rum move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Italy: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support con move smy
bel move hol
bla move sev
boh move vie
bud support boh move vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move smy
den move swe
edi move nth
eng support bre
gal move bud
iri support mid move eng
lon move yor
mid move eng
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nth support lon move yor
pic move par
pie move mar
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev hold
smy support aeg move con
stp/nc move nwy
syr support smy
tyr move mun
ven move tri
vie support gal move bud
wal support yor move lon
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
Italy: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move bel
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Italy: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove mos
build Fleet nap
remove nth
build Army stp
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Italy: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla move con
boh move tyr
bre move gas
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move bud
gre move alb
hol move kie
iri move nat
mid move bre
mun support boh move tyr
nap move ion
nwy move nth
par support lon move pic
pie move mar
rum move sev
sev move rum
smy move aeg
stp move mos
swe move nwy
syr move smy
tri support gal move bud
tyr move mun
ven move apu
vie support gal move bud
wal move lon
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Italy: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move ven
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Italy: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy
alb move ser
apu move gre via convoy
arm move sev
bel move nth
bre support nat move mid
bud support sev move rum
bul/sc move con
bur move mar
con move bul/ec
edi move nth
eng support edi move nth
gal move bud
gas support bur move mar
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move den
mos support arm move sev
mun move kie
nat move mid
nwy support bel move nth
par move gas
pie move mar
rum support alb move ser
ser support apu move gre
sev move rum
smy support bul/sc move con
swe move den
tri support ven move tyr
tyr move tri
ven move tyr
vie move gal
wal move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Italy: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move bla
tyr move boh
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Italy: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Italy: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
alb move ser
bel support nwy move nth
bla support rum
boh move vie
bre move gas
bud move gal
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move spa
gal support boh move vie
gas move spa
gre support ion move alb
ion move alb
kie move den
lon move spa via convoy
mid convoy lon move spa
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nwy move nth
par support bre move gas
pie move mar
rum support alb move ser
ser move rum
sev move arm
smy move con
swe move den
tri support bud
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie support tri move boh
wal move lon
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Italy: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb support gre
arm move ank
bel move eng
bla move bul/ec
boh move vie
bud move ser
bur move mar
con move bla
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gal support ser move bud
gas hold
gre support bud move ser
kie move ber
lon move yor
mid move nat
mun move tyr
nth move nwy
par move bur
pie move mar
rum support bla move bul
ser move bud
sev move arm
swe move nwy
tri support vie
tyr support vie
ven support tyr
vie hold
wal move eng
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Austria: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Italy: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
bul/sc move con
nth move den
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Italy: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Italy: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move smy
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla move ank
boh move vie
bud move rum
bul/ec move bla
bur move mar
con move bul/ec
den move swe
edi support nth
gal move bud
gas move mid
gre move ser
mun move tyr
nat move nrg
nth convoy yor move den
par move pic
pie move mar
rum support gal move bud
ser move tri
sev support bul/ec move bla
smy support con
stp move fin
swe support yor move den
tri support gre move ser
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie move gal
wal move eng
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Austria: supply con
Italy: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Italy: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Austria: supply con
Italy: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Italy: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
arm support con move smy
bal support kie move den
bla move ank
bud support vie move tri
bur move par
con move smy
den move bel via convoy
edi support nth
eng support den move bel
fin move swe
gal move ukr
hol move bel
kie move den
mid move gas
mun move tyr
nth convoy den move bel
nrg support swe move nwy
pic move par
pie move mar
rum move ser
ser move bud
sev move bla
smy support ank move con
swe move nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Italy: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move eas
vie move boh
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: army nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
