PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mun move tyr
par move bur
smy move arm
tri move alb
vie move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bul hold
bur move bel
edi move den via convoy
eng move lon
gal move rum
hol move bel
nth convoy edi move den
nrg move nwy
pru move ber
ser support gal move rum
spa hold
tyr move vie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move sev
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul support sev move rum
bur move bel
den move yor via convoy
gre move ion
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon support hol move nth
lvp move wal
mun hold
nth convoy den move yor
nwy move swe
par move pic
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev move rum
smy move aeg
spa move por
tri support bud move vie
vie hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move pru
bla convoy ank move sev
boh hold
bul move rum
bur support eng move bel
eng move bel
hol move nth
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
mun support boh
nth move eng
pic support eng move bel
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move ukr
tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
wal move lon
yor support wal move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army mar
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bre move eng
bud hold
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move ska
edi move nrg
gal move boh
hol move nth
lon move nth
mar move bur
mun support boh
nth move den
pic hold
por move spa
pru move war
rum move sev
swe support nth move den
tri support tyr move ven
tun move tys
tyr move ven
ukr hold
vie support gal move boh
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support ruh move hol
boh move sil
bud move ser
bul hold
bur move ruh
den move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move mid
gal move sil
hol move nth
lon hold
mun hold
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bur
ruh move hol
sev move mos
ska move swe
swe move den
tri move ven
tys support ven move rom
ukr support sev move mos
ven move rom
vie hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
remove mun
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
bla move con
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move swe
gal move boh
hol hold
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move nth
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos move war
nth move den
nrg support lon move nth
nwy support den move swe
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sev move mos
spa move mar
tri move adr
tys move tun
ukr support mos move war
ven move apu
vie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move ska
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move nap
boh move mun
con move aeg
edi move den via convoy
gal move sil
kie move ber
nth convoy edi move den
nrg support nth
nwy support swe
rom support apu move nap
rum move sev
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tun support tys move wes
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
remove pru
remove ska
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
bud hold
den move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
ion move tys
lon move den via convoy
mos move lvn
mun support sil move ber
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move fin
rom move tus
sil move ber
smy move aeg
swe move den
tri move ser
tun support ion move tys
tyr support ven move pie
ukr move mos
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: fleet/dislodged ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ber move bal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support swe move den
ber hold
bud move gal
den move kie
fin support nwy move stp
ion move tys
lon move wal
mid move bre
mun move kie
nth move eng
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
ser move gre
swe move den
tus move ven
tyr move mun
tys move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bal support den move kie
ber hold
bre move mid
bud hold
bul move rum
con move bul
den move kie
eng convoy wal move pic
fin support stp
gal hold
gre hold
ion move tys
lvp move iri
mun move bur
nat move mid
stp support fin
tyr move mun
tys move wes
wal move pic via convoy
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
ber support mun
bre hold
bud support gal
bur support pie move mar
eng support pic move bel
fin support stp
gal support bud
gre hold
hol support kie
iri move mid
kie move ber
mar support ruh move bur
mun support ber
nat support iri move mid
pic move bel
pie move mar
rom move ven
ruh move bur
stp support fin
tun hold
tus hold
tys move wes
ven move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move den
bel support kie move hol
ber hold
bud hold
bur support pie move mar
eng support nat move mid
fin support stp
gal hold
gre hold
kie move hol
lvp move iri
mid move gas
mun support ber
nat move mid
pie move mar
spa/sc move por
stp support fin
tun move wes
tus move gol
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber support mun move kie
boh move sil
bre move mid
bud move ser
bur move par
den move kie
eng support gas move bre
fin support stp
gas move bre
hol support den move kie
iri move mid
mid move spa/sc
mun move kie
por support bre move mid
spa/sc support bre move mid
stp support fin
tus move tys
tyr move mun
wes hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
gal move bud
gre support ser
mid move nat
mar move gas
mun move ruh
par hold
por move mid
ser support gre
sil move ber
smy move aeg
tri move ven
tyr move pie
tys move tun
vie move boh
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support hol
ber support kie
boh move mun
bre move mid
den move kie
eng support bre move mid
fin support stp
gas support mid move bre
hol support den move kie
iri move nat
kie support ruh move hol
lvp move cly
mid hold
naf support bre move mid
nat move nrg
par support mid move bre
pie move mar
ruh move hol
spa/sc move por
ven move rom
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove naf
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber support kie
cly move edi
den move kie
eng move nth
fin support stp
gas hold
hol support den move kie
ion move tys
kie move hol
lon move yor
lvn support mos move stp
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move bur
nat move nrg
par move pic
por move mid
ruh support kie move hol
spa/sc support por move mid
tri move adr
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move mun
mid move eng
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel move pic
ber support mun move kie
bur move bel
edi move nrg
eng support bel move pic
fin support stp
gas support mid move bre
hol support kie
kie support hol
lvn move stp
mid hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun move kie
nat move mid
nth move nwy
nrg hold
pic support bur move bel
ruh move hol
spa/sc support mid
tys move gol
wes move mid
yor hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army/dislodged pic
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
pic move bre
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre hold
bud hold
edi move nrg
eng move nth
gas support bre
gre hold
hol move hel
ion hold
kie move den
lvn support mos move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid hold
mar move bur
mos move stp
nat support edi move nrg
nrg move nth
nwy support stp
pic move bel
rom move tus
ruh support bel move hol
ser hold
spa/sc move por
tri support ser
tun move tys
vie support bud
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
nrg move cly
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
bur move bel
cly move lvp
den move swe
eng move nth
hel move kie
kie move den
lvn support mos move stp
mid move eng
mos move stp
nat move cly
nrg move edi
nwy move swe
ruh move kie
tus move pie
tys move gol
yor move lvp
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bel
build Army con
remove hel
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move rum
bur move bel
cly move nrg
con move bul
den move swe
edi support nat move cly
eng move lon
fin move nwy
kie move den
lvn support stp
nat move cly
nth move lon
pie move mar
por move mid
ruh support bur move bel
rum move ukr
stp hold
yor move lvp
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
bre hold
bud hold
cly support nth move nrg
den support swe
edi move nrg
eng move lon
fin support nwy move stp
gas support bre
gre hold
hol hold
lvp move wal
gol support wes move spa
mid move nat
mar hold
nth move lon
nrg support stp move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
ruh support bel
ser hold
stp move nwy via convoy
swe hold
tri support ser
vie support bud
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Turkey: army/dislodged stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
stp move mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
