PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move bla
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
bla move rum
bot convoy stp move swe
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move nwy
gal support bla move rum
gas move spa
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
rom support ven
ser move gre
smy move ank
stp move swe via convoy
tri move ser
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
ank move con
bel support par move bur
ber move bal
bot move swe
bre move pic
bud move tri
bul support aeg move gre
con move aeg
den move swe
gal move sil
lon move nth
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
nwy support den move swe
par move bur
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
rum hold
ser move gre
spa move mar
stp move fin
tri move alb
tun move wes
ven move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bal support swe
bar support nwy move stp
bel support nth move hol
bot move stp/sc
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
fin move nwy
ion support alb move gre
kie move ber
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun support kie move ber
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
pic move bur
pru move lvn
rom move ven
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil support bur move mun
spa/sc support gol
tri move alb
tys move nap
ven move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move kie
mun move ruh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
remove ruh
remove sil
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move gre
ank move bla
bal move den
bar support stp
bel support bur move ruh
ber move mun
bot move stp/sc
bul move con
bur move ruh
con move bul
edi move nwy
fin support swe move nwy
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie support ber move mun
lon move nth
lvn support bot move stp
gol move tys
mar move gol
mun hold
nap move tys
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie move tus
rum move bla
spa/sc move wes
swe move nwy
tri support vie
tun move wes
tyr move pie
ven support tyr move pie
vie support tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb support bul move gre
ank move bla
bar support edi move nwy
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bot move stp/sc
bul move gre
con support aeg move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy
fin support bot move stp
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move eas
kie support ber
lvn move mos
gol support spa/sc move wes
mar move pie
mun support ruh move kie
nap move rom
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy support den move swe
pie move tus
ruh move kie
rum move bla
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
tri move ser
tun move tys
tus move rom
ven support pie move tus
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move den
nwy move ska
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet sev
remove ska
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support gre
ank move arm
bar support nwy
ber move kie
con move smy
den support ber move kie
eas move smy
fin support stp/sc
gre support ser move bul
hol move hel
ion move adr
kie move ber
lvn move war
gol move wes
mar move spa
mun support kie move ber
nap support tys
nth move ska
nrg move nth
nwy hold
par move pic
pie move gol
ruh move kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
stp/sc support fin
swe move bal
tri hold
tus move tun
tys convoy tus move tun
ven hold
wes move naf
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul/sc move aeg
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move bul/sc
alb support tri
arm move sev
bal move kie
bar move nwy
ber support bal move kie
bla move con
bul support bla move con
con move smy
den support bal move kie
eas move smy
fin support stp/sc
gre support bul
hel move den
kie support hel move den
gol move tys
mun move sil
naf support spa move tun
nap move ion
nth support hel move den
nwy move swe
pic hold
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ska support nwy move swe
spa move tun via convoy
stp/sc support fin
tri support ven
tun hold
tys support tun
ven move tri
war move sil
wes convoy spa move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army/dislodged kie
Germany: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support ion move gre
alb support tri
ber move kie
bla move con
bul support bla move con
con move bul
den move bal
eas move smy
fin hold
gre support bul
ion move tys
kie move hol
lon move hol
gol move tus
mar move gol
mun move kie
naf move mid
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move bar
pic move bur
ruh support mun move kie
rum move bla
ska move den
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
tri support vie move tyr
tun hold
tys move wes
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes support tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
con disband
kie disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support ion move gre
alb support tri
bal support den move swe
bar support edi move nwy
ber support tyr move mun
bla move ank
bot move stp/sc
bul move rum
bur support ruh move mun
den move swe
edi move nwy
fin support bot move stp
gre support alb
ion move tun
kie support ruh move mun
lon hold
gol support wes move tys
mid hold
nth convoy edi move nwy
ruh move mun
sil move ber
smy move eas
swe move fin
tri support ven
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys move rom
ven move tus
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tys move nap
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move con
bal move bot
bar move stp/nc
ber support tyr move mun
bur support mun
con move smy
den move bal
eas move aeg
fin support stp/sc
gre hold
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move hol
gol support tus move tys
mid hold
mar move pie
mos support stp/sc
mun support kie move ber
nap support ion move tys
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy support swe move fin
rum move gal
sil support ber move mun
stp/sc support fin
swe move fin
tri move ven
tun hold
tus move tys
tyr support tri move ven
tys move nap
ven move rom
vie move boh
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support ber
bar support nwy move stp
ber support mun
boh move mun
bot support nwy move stp
bur support mun
con move aeg
fin support nwy move stp
gal move boh
gre move bul
hol move ruh
ion move alb
gol support tus move tys
mid hold
mos support stp/sc move lvn
mun support ber
nap hold
nth move nrg
nwy move stp
pie move ven
pru move ber
rom support pie move ven
sil support boh move mun
smy hold
stp/sc move lvn
tri support ven
tun hold
tus move tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys move ion
ven support tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army bud
build Army edi
remove nap
remove pru
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move adr
bal support stp move lvn
bar convoy edi move stp
ber support bur move mun
boh move mun
bot support stp move lvn
bud move gal
bur move mun
fin support edi move stp
gre support aeg move ion
ion convoy tun move alb
kie support bur move mun
lvn support sil move pru
gol move pie
mid hold
mos support lvn
mun move sil
nrg convoy edi move stp
pie move tyr
rom support pie move ven
ruh support bur move mun
sil move pru
smy move eas
stp move lvn
tri support ven
tun move alb
tyr move pie
tys support ion
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tyr
war support lvn
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pie move mar
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support eas move ion
alb move tri
bal move pru
bar support fin move stp
ber support bal move pru
boh move mun
bot support stp move lvn
bul move ser
eas move ion
edi move nwy
fin move stp
gal support sil
gre support eas move ion
ion hold
kie support mun
lvn hold
gol support mar move pie
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun support ber
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie support ven
pru move ber
rom support adr move ven
ruh support mun
sil support pru move ber
stp move lvn
tyr support tri
tys support ion
ven support tri
war support lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Austria: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Italy: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move tun
pie move tus
ven move apu
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gal
build Army nap
build Army par
build Army sev
remove tus
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move gre
apu move ven
bar support fin move stp
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bot support stp move lvn
fin move stp
gre support ser move alb
ion support apu
kie support mun
lvn move bal
gol support wes move tys
mos move stp
mun support pie move tyr
nap support rom move apu
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move tyr
pru support stp move lvn
rom move apu
ruh support mun
sev move ukr
sil support boh move mun
stp move lvn
tri support apu move ven
tun support tys move ion
tyr support apu move ven
tys move ion
ven move tri
war move pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: fleet/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move adr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
aeg support ion
alb move tri
apu move ven
bal move kie
bar support stp
ber support bal move kie
boh support sil move mun
bot move bal
bur support mun
gre support ser move alb
ion move apu
kie support mun
lvn support stp move mos
gol move tus
mos move lvn
mun support kie
nap move rom
nth move den
pie move tyr
pru support bot move bal
ruh support kie
ser move alb
sil move mun
stp move mos
swe support nth move den
tri support ven
tun support tys move ion
tyr move pie
tys move ion
ukr move mos
ven support tyr move pie
war support mos move lvn
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move eas
alb support vie move tri
apu move ion
bal support mun move ber
bar move stp/nc
ber support lvn move pru
boh move mun
bur move mun
den move nth
gre support apu move ion
ion hold
kie support bur move mun
lvn move pru
gol hold
mun move ber
par move bur
pie support ven move tyr
pru support stp move lvn
rom support adr move ven
ruh support bur move mun
sev move bla
sil support ber
stp move lvn
swe move fin
tri move ven
tun support ion
tus move tys
tyr support tri move ven
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri
apu move ion
bal support mun move ber
ber support boh move mun
bla move con
boh move mun
bur move mun
eas support apu move ion
edi move nwy
fin support stp/nc
gre support apu move ion
ion move adr
kie support mun move ber
lvn move pru
gol move tys
mos move lvn
mun move ber
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
pie move tyr
pru support mos move lvn
rom move nap
ruh support bur move mun
sil support ber
stp/nc hold
tri support vie move tyr
tun support tys move ion
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tyr
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move apu
alb move ser
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
boh move sil
bur move mun
con move aeg
eas support ion
fin support nwy move stp
gre move alb
ion move nap
kie support mun move ber
lon move den
lvn support sil move pru
gol move tys
mar move bur
mun move ber
nap hold
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move stp
pie support ven
pru move war
rom hold
ruh support bur move mun
sil move pru
stp/nc move bar
tri support tyr
tun support gol move tys
tyr support tri
tys move nap
ven hold
vie support tri
war move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support eas move ion
alb move adr
bal convoy den move pru
bar support fin move stp
ber support den move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bur move mun
den move pru
eas move ion
edi move den
fin move stp
ion move apu
kie support bur move mun
lvn support sil move pru
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mos support lvn
mun move sil
nap hold
nth convoy edi move den
pie support adr move ven
rom support nap
ser support tri
sil move pru
stp move lvn
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
tyr move mun
tys support tun move ion
ven hold
vie move tyr
war support sil move pru
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
aeg support eas move ion
apu support tyr move ven
bal support stp move lvn
bar support fin move stp
ber support mun move sil
boh move mun
bur move mun
den move swe
eas move ion
edi hold
fin move stp
kie support bur move mun
lvn support war move pru
gol move wes
mar move gol
mos support lvn
mun move sil
nap move rom
nth move den
pie support ven
rom move tus
ruh support bur move mun
ser support tri
sil support boh move mun
stp move lvn
tri support tyr move ven
tun move ion
tus support ven
tyr move ven
tys support tun move ion
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support eas move ion
apu support eas move ion
bal convoy swe move pru
bar support fin move stp
ber support swe move pru
boh support gal move sil
eas move ion
fin move stp
gal move sil
kie move mun
lvn move stp
gol support pie move tus
mos support lvn move stp
mun move sil
nap support rom
pie move tus
pru move war
rom hold
ruh support kie move mun
ser move bud
sil move war
stp move lvn
swe move pru
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys support tus move rom
ven support tyr move pie
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support apu move ion
apu move ion
bal support pru
bar support fin move stp
ber support mun move sil
boh support sil
bud move gal
den move swe
fin move stp
ion move tys
kie move mun
lvn move pru
gol support tus move pie
mar support tus move pie
mos support lvn
mun move sil
nap support rom
par move bur
pie support ven move tus
pru support mun move sil
rom support ven move tus
ruh support kie move mun
sil support lvn move pru
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus move pie
tys support nap
ven move tus
vie move tyr
war support lvn move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support apu move ion
aeg support apu move ion
apu move ion
bal support pru
bar move nrg
ber support pru
boh move mun
bur move mun
fin support stp
gal support sil
ion move tys
kie support bur move mun
lvn move pru
gol support pie
mar support pie
mos support lvn
mun move sil
pie hold
pru support mun move sil
ruh support bur move mun
sil support lvn move pru
stp hold
swe move bot
tun move ion
tus support ven move pie
tyr support ven move pie
tys support tun move ion
ven move pie
war support lvn move pru
wes support tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
bal support pru move lvn
ber move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bot support pru move lvn
bur move mun
edi move nwy
fin support stp
gal move ukr
ion move nap
kie support bur move mun
lvn hold
gol support pie
mar support pie
mos support lvn
mun move sil
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pru move lvn
ruh support bur move mun
sil support tyr move mun
stp support pru move lvn
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus support ven move pie
tyr move mun
tys support tun move ion
ven move pie
war support lvn
wes support tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
apu support aeg move ion
bal support kie move ber
boh support tyr move mun
bot support stp move lvn
bur support mun
fin support nwy move stp
kie move ber
lvn move war
gol support tys move tus
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support pie move tyr
nap move tys
nrg move nth
nwy move stp
pie hold
pru support lvn move war
ruh support mun
sil support war
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tun support wes move tys
tus support ven move rom
tyr move mun
tys move tus
ukr support mos
ven move rom
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu support adr move ion
bal support fin move lvn
ber move sil
boh move mun
bot convoy fin move lvn
bur support mun
fin move lvn
ion move tys
lvn move war
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support war move lvn
mun support pie move tyr
nap support ion move tys
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
pru support lvn move war
ruh support mun
sev move bla
sil move pru
stp move mos
tri support ven
tun support tys
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys support tus move rom
ukr support mos
ven support tyr move pie
vie move gal
war move lvn
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu support adr move ion
bal support lvn move pru
ber move kie
bla move con
bot support stp move lvn
bur support mun
fin support nwy move stp
gal support war
ion move tys
lvn move pru
gol move tys
mar support pie
mos support war
mun support pru move ber
nap move rom
nwy move stp
pie support tus
pru move ber
ruh support mun
sil move pru
stp move lvn
tri support tyr
tun support gol move tys
tus support tys move rom
tyr support boh move mun
tys move rom
ukr support mos
ven support nap move rom
war support sil move pru
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army sev
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
apu move adr
bal support lvn move pru
ber support lvn move pru
boh move mun
bot support stp move lvn
bur move mun
con move aeg
fin support nwy move stp
gal move vie
ion move tys
kie support bur move mun
lvn move pru
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun move tyr
nap support ion move tys
nwy move stp
pie move ven
ruh support bur move mun
sev move mos
sil move ber
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tun support gol move tys
tus support tys move rom
tyr support tri move ven
tys move rom
ukr support sev move mos
ven move apu
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support adr move ion
alb move adr
apu move rom
bal support stp move lvn
ber support pru
boh support vie move tyr
bot support stp move lvn
bur move mun
fin support nwy move stp
ion move tys
kie support bur move mun
gol move tys
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap support ion move tys
nwy move stp
pie support mun move tyr
pru support stp move lvn
rom support gol move tys
ruh support bur move mun
sev move mos
sil support war move pru
stp move lvn
tri support tyr move ven
tun support gol move tys
tus support rom
tyr move ven
ukr support war
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support adr move ion
apu move rom
bal support pru
ber support mun move sil
boh move mun
bot support stp move lvn
bur move mun
fin move stp
ion move nap
kie support bur move mun
lvn move war
gol move tys
mar move gol
mos support war
mun move sil
nap move rom
pie move ven
pru support mun move sil
rom support gol move tys
ruh support bur move mun
sev support mos
sil move ber
spa/sc move wes
stp move lvn
tri move tyr
tun support gol move tys
tus support rom
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war support sil
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move gal
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support ion
alb support ion
apu support nap
bal support fin move lvn
ber move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bot convoy fin move lvn
fin move lvn
gal support war
ion support nap
kie move mun
lvn move war
gol move pie
mos support war
mun move boh
nap support ion
pie move ven
pru support lvn move war
rom support tys move nap
ruh support kie move mun
sev support mos
sil move gal
stp move mos
tun support wes move tys
tus support rom
tyr support boh
tys move nap
ukr support war
ven support tyr
vie support boh
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support adr move ion
apu support nap move rom
bal support fin move lvn
ber support kie move mun
boh support tyr
bot convoy fin move lvn
fin move lvn
gal support war
ion move tys
kie move mun
lvn move war
gol move pie
mos support war
mun move boh
nap move rom
pie move ven
pru support lvn move war
rom support tys move nap
ruh support kie move mun
sev support mos
sil support mun move boh
stp move mos
tun support wes move tys
tus support rom
tyr support boh
tys move nap
ukr support war
ven support tys move rom
vie support boh
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support ion
alb support ion
apu support ven
bal support fin move lvn
ber support kie move mun
boh support tyr
bot convoy fin move lvn
fin move lvn
gal support war
kie move mun
lvn move war
gol support pie
mos support war
mun move boh
nap support tun move ion
pie hold
pru support lvn move war
rom support nap
ruh support kie move mun
sev support mos
sil support lvn move war
stp move mos
tun move ion
tus support rom
tyr support boh
tys support tun move ion
ukr support war
ven support apu
vie support boh
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
