PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bud support ukr move rum
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move den
mun hold
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
pic support bur move bel
pie move mar
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
spa move mar
stp move fin
tus move pie
ukr move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support par move bur
ber move pru
bud move ser
bul move ser
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
fin support stp/nc move nwy
gre support ser move bul
hol move hel
kie move hol
lon move eng
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic move bre
pie support tus move ven
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move adr
tun move tys
tus move ven
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support con move bul
ank move con
bal move ber
bla support sev move arm
bre hold
bud move gal
bul hold
bur support bel
con move bul
den move kie
eng move nth
fin move stp
gre move aeg
hel move den
ion hold
gol move wes
mar move pie
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
pru support sil move war
rum move ukr
ser support bul
sev move arm
sil move war
stp/nc move bar
swe support nth move nwy
tys move wes
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove ber
build Army lon
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
ank move bla
arm move ank
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
bla support arm move ank
bre move mid
bul move con
bur move mar
con move smy
den move bal
gal move sil
gre move aeg
ion move tys
kie move ber
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
nth move nwy
nrg support nwy move bar
nwy move bar
pie move ven
pru move lvn
ser support gre
stp move mos
swe move fin
tys move wes
ukr support stp move mos
ven move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support bul move con
bal move bot
bar support fin move stp
ber hold
bla support bul move con
boh move mun
bul move con
fin move stp
gre move aeg
hol move kie
ion move eas
lvn move mos
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar move pie
mos move lvn
nrg move nth
nwy support fin move stp
ser move bud
sil support ukr move war
tus move rom
ukr move war
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army sev
remove smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank move smy
bar support stp
bel support lon move hol
ber support kie move mun
bla hold
bot move bal
bud move vie
con support ank move smy
eas move ion
gre support eas move ion
kie move mun
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move mos
mar move gol
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move tus
por move mid
rom move nap
sev move mos
sil move pru
spa/sc move wes
stp support lvn move mos
tri support ven
vie move boh
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move pru
bar support stp
bel move hol
ber hold
boh move mun
bul/sc move gre
bur support mun
con move bul
edi move den via convoy
gre support con move bul
hol move kie
ion move tun
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mos move lvn
nap support tus move rom
nth convoy edi move den
pru move ber
ruh move bel
sev move mos
stp support lvn move mos
swe support edi move den
tri move tyr
tus move rom
vie support tri move tyr
war support mos move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul/sc disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army par
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp
bel move pic
ber move mun
bla move con
boh move mun
bul move ser
bur support hol move bel
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie support mun
lon move hol via convoy
gol move tys
mid move naf
mos support war move lvn
mun move tyr
nap support rom
nth convoy lon move hol
par move pic
pru move ber
rom support nap
sev move ukr
smy move arm
swe move bal
tyr support boh move mun
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Austria: army/dislodged bel
Austria: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
arm move sev
bal convoy den move lvn
bar support stp
bel support hol move ruh
boh move sil
con move aeg
den move lvn via convoy
edi move hol via convoy
hol move ruh
kie support hol move ruh
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ruh move bur
naf move tun
nth convoy edi move hol
par support bur
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh move bur
ser move bud
stp support den move lvn
tun move tys
tyr move pie
tys move ion
ukr move gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvn move war
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
bal support lvn move pru
bar hold
bud move tri
bur support ruh move mun
gal move boh
hol move ruh
kie support ruh move mun
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move pru
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move ber
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move hol
par move gas
pie support tri move ven
pru support mun move ber
rom support ven
ruh move mun
sev support mos
sil support mun move ber
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun move ion
tys move nap
vie move tyr
war support pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support ven
bal support kie move ber
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bud move rum
bur support mun
gas move mar
hol move kie
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn move pru
mar move gol
mos support war
mun support kie move ber
nap support tun move ion
nth hold
pie support ven
pru move sil
rom support ven
ruh support mun
sev support mos
sil move mun
stp move mos
tri move adr
tun move ion
tyr support sil move mun
tys support tun move ion
war support pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move gre
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move alb
aeg support gre move ion
apu move alb via convoy
bal support ber move pru
bar move nwy
bel move bur
ber move pru
boh support sil
bur move mar
edi move den via convoy
gre move ion
ion convoy apu move alb
kie move ber
lvn move war
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support kie move ber
nap support ion
nth convoy edi move den
pie support tyr
pru support sil
rom support ven
ruh support mun
rum move bud
sev support mos
sil support pru
stp move mos
tri move alb
tyr support pie
tys support ion
war support pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move ion
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
apu move ven
bal convoy den move pru
bel move bur
ber support mun move sil
boh support sil
bud move rum
bur move mar
den move pru via convoy
gre support alb move ion
ion move eas
kie support ruh move mun
lon move hol via convoy
lvn support den move pru
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mos support war
mun move sil
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy support stp
pie support tyr
pru support sil
rom support apu move ven
ruh move mun
sev support mos
sil support pru
stp move mos
tyr support pie
tys move tun
war support pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support ion
bal convoy den move pru
ber support den move pru
boh support pie move tyr
bre move mid
bur move mar
den move pru via convoy
eas move smy
gre support ion
hol move kie
ion hold
kie move mun
lvn move war
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move sil
nap move apu
nwy move stp/nc
pie move tyr
pru support sil
rom support nap move apu
ruh support kie move mun
rum move bul
sev support mos
sil support pru
stp move mos
tun support gol move tys
tus support mar move pie
tyr move tri
ven support mar move pie
war support pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support ion
apu move adr
ber support mun move sil
boh support tyr
bul move con
gre support ion
hol move ruh
ion hold
kie support ruh move mun
lvn move war
mid move wes
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun move sil
pie move tyr
pru support mun move sil
rom support tus move ven
ruh move mun
sev move mos
sil move pru
smy move con
stp move mos
tri support tyr
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr support tri
tys move nap
ven support pie move tyr
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
France: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support bul move con
apu support tun move ion
bal convoy kie move lvn
ber move pru
bul move con
bur move mar
gal support war
gre support ion
ion hold
kie move lvn via convoy
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move mos
mar move gol
mun move boh
nap support tun move ion
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move stp/nc
pie move tyr
pru move war
rom support ven
ruh move mun
sev move ukr
sil support pru move war
smy move con
stp move mos
tun move ion
tus support ven
tyr move vie
ven support pie move tyr
vie move bud
war support lvn move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support ion
apu support tys move ion
bal convoy kie move lvn
ber move pru
boh move vie
bud support vie
con hold
gal support war
gre support ion
hol move ruh
ion hold
kie move lvn via convoy
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun support sil
nap support tys move ion
nth move eng
nwy move nth
pru move war
rom support tus move ven
sil support pru move war
smy move aeg
stp support kie move lvn
tri support vie
tun support tys move ion
tus support ven
tyr support boh move vie
tys move ion
ukr support lvn move mos
ven move tri
vie support tri
war support gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move alb
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
aeg support con move smy
alb support gre move ion
apu move ven
bal convoy ber move lvn
ber move lvn via convoy
boh move gal
bud support tri
con move smy
gal support war
gre move ion
ion support smy move aeg
lvn move mos
mos support war move lvn
mun move boh
nap move apu
pie move mar
pru support sil move war
rom support nap move apu
ruh move mun
sil move war
smy move aeg
stp support lvn move mos
tri support vie
tun support ion
tus support apu move ven
tyr support boh
tys support ion
ukr support mos
ven move pie
vie support tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
France: fleet/dislodged smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move eas
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb
alb support adr
apu support ven move adr
bal convoy ber move lvn
ber move lvn via convoy
boh move gal
bud support vie
eas support tun move ion
eng hold
gal move war
gre support aeg
ion move alb
lvn move stp
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun move boh
nth hold
pie support tyr
pru support war
rom support tus move ven
ruh move mun
stp support ber move lvn
tri support vie
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr support gal move war
ven move adr
vie support tri
war support boh move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move rum
stp move fin
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove mar
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb support tri
apu support ion
boh move gal
bud move gal
eas convoy rom move syr
edi move nwy via convoy
fin move stp
gal move ukr
gre support aeg
ion convoy rom move syr
lvn move mos
mos move war
mun move boh
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move ven
pru move sil
rom move syr via convoy
rum support ukr
smy move syr
stp move lvn
tri support vie
tun support ion
tyr support ven move tri
tys convoy rom move syr
ukr support mos move war
ven move tri
vie support tri
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion move alb
alb support tri
apu support tun move ion
boh support gal
bud support vie
eas move smy
gal support war move ukr
gre support aeg
ion move alb
lvn support ukr move war
mos support war move ukr
mun support boh
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
rom move nap
rum support ukr
sev move mos
sil move war
stp support mos
tri support vie
tun move ion
tyr move tri
tys support tun move ion
ukr move war
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove lvn
remove ukr
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg support gre
alb move gre
apu support tys move ion
bal convoy swe move kie
boh move vie
bud support vie
eas support ion move aeg
edi move bel via convoy
eng convoy lon move bre
gal support boh move vie
gre support aeg
ion move aeg
lon move bre via convoy
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nth convoy edi move bel
pie move tyr
rum support sev
sev move ukr
sil move mun
smy hold
stp move mos
swe move kie via convoy
tri support vie
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet/dislodged aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
tri move ser
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move gre
bre move par
bud support vie
bur move mar
con move bla
eas move aeg
eng move bre
gal move rum
ion support aeg move gre
kie support mun
mos support ukr move sev
mun support boh
rum support sev
ser move tri
sev support rum
tyr support tri
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie support tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
gre move bul/sc
sev move arm
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
