PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move tri
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul support sev move rum
bur move mun
con move aeg
den hold
edi move nwy
ion move gre
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
nth move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
rom move ven
ruh move mun
sev move rum
spa move por
tri move ven
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bel support lon move eng
bre move mid
bul support smy move gre
bur support bel
con support bul
den hold
edi move nth
gre move ion
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mun support ruh move bur
nap move tys
nrg hold
nwy move fin
par support bur
por move spa
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum move sev
sev move mos
smy move gre via convoy
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support mun move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
bel move hol
bud hold
bul support gre move ser
bur hold
con support bul
den move swe
eng move bre
fin move swe
gre move ser
hol move ruh
ion move tun
kie move den
gol move spa/sc
mid hold
mos move war
mun support ruh move bur
nth support bel move hol
nrg move nat
nwy support fin move swe
par move bre
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser move tri
sev support rum
spa move mar
stp/nc support nwy
tri move adr
tyr move pie
tys move gol
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove bud
remove den
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move gre
bre hold
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move bul
eng support nat move mid
hol hold
kie move ber
lon hold
gol move pie
mid support bre
mar support par move bur
mun move boh
nat move mid
nap move tys
nth support swe move den
nwy move ska
par move bur
pie support adr move ven
ruh support bur move bel
rum move bud
ser move alb
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mid
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri support adr move ven
tun move wes
ven support ser move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser
bel support ruh move hol
ber move kie
bre hold
bud support rum
bul hold
bur support mar
den move kie
eng support hol move bel
gre support aeg move ion
lon move nth
gol move spa/sc
mid support bre
mar support spa/sc
mun support ber move kie
nat move iri
nth move hel
nwy hold
pie move tus
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser support bul
sil hold
ska move swe
spa/sc support mid
tri move ven
ven move apu
war move pru
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
remove iri
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
apu move nap
bel support hol
ber support kie
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move kie
eng move bel
gre move ion
hel support den move kie
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie support ber
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar move bur
mun support ber
nth move hol
nwy hold
pru move ber
rum hold
ser move tri
sev support rum
sil move mun
spa/sc move wes
swe move bal
tus move rom
war hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal support pru move ber
bel move pic
ber move mun
bre hold
bul support ser
bur support ruh move mun
eng support nth move bel
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion hold
kie support hel move hol
mid move naf
mun move bur
nth move bel
nwy hold
pru move ber
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support alb move tri
sev move ukr
sil move mun
tri move tyr
tun support ion
tus move rom
ven support tus move rom
vie hold
war move sil
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move ruh
mun move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
remove pic
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
bel hold
ber support sil move mun
bre hold
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
eng move mid
hol move nth
ion support tun
kie support sil move mun
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move spa/sc
mos move war
mun support bur move ruh
naf move mid
nap move tys
nwy hold
rom move tus
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
sil move mun
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
tri hold
tun support nap move tys
tyr move pie
ukr move gal
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move sil
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bla
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move den
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla move ank
boh move vie
bre hold
bul support rum
edi move hol via convoy
eng move mid
gal move bud
ion move tys
iri support eng move mid
kie hold
lon move eng
lvn move pru
mid hold
mun support ber move kie
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy hold
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sil support mun
spa/sc support mid
tri move vie
tun move naf
tus move pie
tyr support tri move vie
tys move gol
ven hold
war move gal
wes hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
remove hol
remove lon
build Fleet sev
build Army smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
boh move vie
bre hold
bud support vie
bul support rum
bur hold
con move ank
den move ska
eng support pic move bre
gal move bud
ion move aeg
iri move mid
kie move ber
gol support pie move mar
mid support bre
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nth move den
pic move bre
pie move mar
pru move war
ruh move hol
rum support bud
sev move rum
sil move mun
smy support con move ank
spa/sc move mar
tyr support vie
tys support naf move tun
ven move tri
vie support tyr
war move ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support smy move arm
ber move kie
bla support ukr move rum
boh move vie
bre support iri move mid
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur move bel
den hold
eng support bre
gal move bud
gas support mid move bre
hol move bel
iri move mid
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mar hold
mun move tyr
nwy move nrg
rum hold
sev support ukr move rum
sil move war
ska move nwy
smy move arm
spa/sc support wes move mid
tun hold
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ukr move rum
vie move gal
war move ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move por
rum move ser
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove nrg
build Army smy
remove wes
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con move bla
arm move sev
bla hold
boh support tyr
bre move gas
bud move gal
bul support ser move rum
con move bla
den support hol move kie
eng convoy lon move pic
gal support rum
gas support spa/sc
hol move kie
kie move mun
lon move pic
lvp move iri
gol move mar
mid support bre move gas
mar move bur
nap move apu
nwy move nrg
por move mid
rum move bud
ser move rum
sev support bla
smy move con
spa/sc support por move mid
tri support vie
tun move tys
tyr hold
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
vie support bud move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move war
mid move nat
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move adr
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
bre support nat move mid
bud support sil move gal
bul move ser
bur move par
con move bul
den move nth
eng move bel
gal move ukr
gas move bre
iri support nat move mid
kie hold
mid support gas move bre
mun move boh
nat move mid
nrg move nat
pic move par
rum support bul move ser
sev hold
sil move gal
spa/sc support mid
tri support boh move vie
tyr support boh move vie
tys move rom
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bur
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
boh move gal
bre support nat move mid
bud support gal move rum
bul move ser
con move aeg
gal move rum
gas support mid move bre
iri support nat move mid
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mid move bre
mos move sev
nat move mid
pic move par
rom move tys
rum move bud
ser move tri
sev move rum
smy hold
spa/sc move mid
tri move ser
tyr move ven
ukr support mos move sev
ven support ser move tri
vie support bud
war hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
sev move arm
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move tus
arm move sev
bel move nth
bla support arm move sev
bre hold
bud support rum
bul move gre
con move bul
eng support pic move bre
gal support rum
gas move mar
ion convoy smy move tus
iri move mid
mid move spa/sc
nth move edi
nrg move nwy
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser move bud
sev hold
smy move tus via convoy
spa/sc support gas move mar
tri move ser
tyr move ven
tys convoy smy move tus
ukr support sev
ven support tri
vie support bud
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur support par move gas
edi move cly
eng support iri move mid
gal move bud
gas move mar
gre move alb
ion move adr
iri move mid
lon hold
mid move naf
mos support sev
nth hold
nwy hold
par move gas
rum support bud move ser
ser move bud
sev hold
sil move mun
spa/sc support gas move mar
tri support bud move ser
tus move pie
tyr move ven
tys move gol
ukr support rum
ven support tus move pie
vie support tri
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move gre
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support adr move tri
arm move sev
bla move rum
bre move mid
bud support ser
bul support gre move ser
bur move mar
cly move nat
eng move iri
gas support mid move spa
gre move ser
ion move tun
lon move eng
gol support bur move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos support sev
mun support tyr
naf move tun
nth hold
nwy hold
pie move tyr
rum support ser
ser hold
sev support rum
sil move boh
spa/sc support mar
tyr support tri
ukr support rum
ven support adr move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa move por
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove gol
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb support gre move ser
arm move sev
bla support bul
boh support vie
bud support ser
bul support gre move ser
eng move mid
gas move spa
gre move ser
ion move tun
iri support eng move mid
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun support tyr
naf move tun
nat support eng move mid
nth hold
nwy hold
pie move ven
por hold
rum support ser
ser hold
sev hold
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc hold
tri support ser
tyr support tri
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support gre move ser
arm move sev
bla move rum
boh support tyr
bud support ser
bul support gre move ser
eng move mid
gre move ser
ion move tun
iri support eng move mid
gol support mar move pie
mid move por
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun support tyr
naf move tun
nat move nrg
nth support nat move nrg
nwy hold
pie move tyr
por hold
rum support ser
ser hold
sev support rum
spa support mid move por
stp/nc hold
tri support ser
tyr move ven
ukr support rum
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tri
wal move eng
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb support ven move tri
arm move sev
bla support bul move rum
boh move tyr
bud support rum
eng convoy lon move bel
ion move aeg
iri move mid
lon move bel
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mos support sev
mun support boh move tyr
nth support nrg
nwy hold
pie move ven
por move spa/sc
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
spa move mar
stp/nc move bar
tri move ser
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie support tri
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army/dislodged tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
aeg move gre
alb move tri
arm move sev
bar support nwy
bel move bur
bla support bul move rum
bud move ser
bul move rum
eng move mid
gal support rum
ion move nap
gol support ven move pie
mid move naf
mar support ven move pie
mos move war
mun support tyr
nth support nrg
nrg support nth
nwy hold
pie move tyr
rum hold
ser support tri move bud
spa/sc move wes
tri move bud
tyr support vie move tri
tys move rom
ukr support sev
ven move pie
vie move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
Turkey: army/dislodged pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move tus
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tus move ven
arm hold
bar support nwy
bla support bul
bud support tri
bul support ser
bur move mar
edi hold
gal move boh
gre move ion
lon move bel
lvp move iri
gol hold
mid move naf
mar move pie
mun move kie
naf move tun
nap support tys move ion
nth convoy lon move bel
nrg support nth
nwy move nth
pie move ven
rom move tus
rum move sev
ser support bud
sev move mos
tri support bud
tus move ven
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr move war
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
arm hold
bar support nwy
bel move ruh
bla hold
boh move vie
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur support bel move ruh
edi move hol
gre move ion
ion move eas
iri move mid
kie support mun move ruh
gol support pie move tus
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move ruh
naf move wes
nap move apu
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg support nth
nwy move nth
pie move tus
ser move alb
sev hold
sil move mun
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support ven move pie
tys support tun move ion
ven move pie
war move sil
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove mid
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move apu
alb support tri
apu move ven
arm move smy
bar move nrg
bel move ruh
bla hold
bul move ser
bur move mar
eas support tun move ion
gre move ion
hol support bel move ruh
kie move den
gol move wes
mar move pie
mun support tyr
nth support nrg
nrg support nth
nwy support bar move nrg
pie move ven
rom hold
sil move ber
stp/nc move bar
tri support pie move ven
tun move ion
tus support mar move pie
tyr hold
tys support tun move ion
ven move apu
vie support tyr
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet/dislodged apu
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
