PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move gre
arm move ank
bla move con
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move ank
eng move lon
gas move spa
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move den
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
ruh move bel
ser move rum
spa move por
tri move ven
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove apu
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
ber move mun
bla support sev move arm
bre move mid
bud support gal
bul move rum
con support ank move bla
eng support hol move nth
gal hold
hol move nth
ion move gre
kie move hel
lon move eng
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nth support lon move eng
nwy support nth
por move spa
ser move rum
sev move arm
spa move gas
swe move den
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
ven move apu
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move nap
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud move vie
bul support ser move gre
con move aeg
den move nwy
eng convoy spa move wal
gal move ukr
gas move par
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
lon move eng
gol move tys
mid convoy spa move wal
mun move tyr
nth support lon move eng
nwy support nth
ser move gre
sev support ukr move rum
spa move wal
tri move ven
tyr move pie
ukr move rum
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ven move tri
bla convoy con move sev
bud support tri
bul move rum
con move sev
den move nwy
eng support hol move nth
gre move ser
hel support hol move nth
hol move nth
lon move eng
mid move spa/sc
nap move rom
nth support lon move eng
nwy support nth
par move gas
pie move ven
sev move mos
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie support tri
wal move yor
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move bul/ec
bud move rum
bul move gre
den move nwy
eng support yor move lon
gas move mar
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion move nap
lon support lvp move yor
lvp move yor
mos hold
nth move edi
nwy move stp/nc
pie move ven
rom move nap
ser support tri
sev support bud move rum
spa/sc move wes
tri support ven
tyr support pie move ven
tys move rom
ven support tys move rom
vie support tri
war hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
lon move wal
rum disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove gal
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move yor
bla move con
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul move gre
den move kie
edi move nth
eng move wal
hol support nth
ion move tun
lon support bel move yor
mar hold
mos move lvn
nth convoy bel move yor
pie move tyr
rom move tys
rum move gal
ser support bud move tri
sev move mos
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
swe move bal
tri move tyr
tyr move boh
tys support wes move tun
ven move rom
vie support tri move tyr
wal move lon
war move sil
wes move tun
yor support wal move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move ber
bel move ruh
boh move mun
con move aeg
edi move nth
eng move wal
gal move boh
gre hold
hol move nth
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon support bel move yor
lvn move pru
mid move iri
mar move spa
mos move lvn
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
rom support ion move tys
ser move tri
sil support tyr move mun
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys support ven move rom
ven move rom
vie support gal move boh
wal move lon
wes move tun
yor support wal move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bal
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
ber support ruh move mun
boh move mun
bre move eng
bud move vie
con move aeg
edi move nth
gre move bul
hol move nth
ion move nap
iri support wal move lvp
kie support ruh move mun
lon support edi move nth
lvn move stp
lvp support yor move wal
mun move bur
nwy support hol move nth
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom move tys
ruh move mun
ser hold
sil support boh move mun
spa move gas
swe move bal
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ven move rom
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
yor move wal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move nat
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bal support pru move ber
ber support ruh move mun
boh move mun
bul move con
bur move mar
con move aeg
edi move cly
eng move wal
gas move par
hol move bel
iri support lvp
kie support ruh move mun
lon move eng
lvp support eng move wal
nat move mid
nap support aeg move ion
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom move tys
ruh move mun
ser hold
sil support boh move mun
stp move fin
tri support tyr move ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys support tun move ion
ven move rom
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army/dislodged wal
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
wal move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove bal
build Army bud
remove cly
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
bel move nth
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud hold
con move smy
eng move nth
fin move swe
ion support nap move tys
iri move mid
kie support ruh move mun
lvp move nat
mid move por
mar support ven move pie
nap move tys
par move bre
pie move tyr
rom support ion move tys
ruh move mun
ser hold
sev move mos
sil support boh move mun
smy move aeg
swe move bal
tri move ven
tun support tys
tys move tun
ven move pie
vie move tyr
wal move eng
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: army/dislodged pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
pie move tus
tys move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move ber
bel move nth
ber move kie
bre hold
bud move gal
con move aeg
eng move lon
gre support aeg move ion
ion move tys
kie support bal move ber
lon move yor
gol move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mos hold
mun move bur
nat move cly
pie move mar
por support mar move spa
rom support ven move tus
ruh move mun
ser hold
sil move mun
swe hold
tun move wes
tys move wes
ven move tus
vie move tyr
wal move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army/dislodged ber
Germany: fleet ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
England: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
remove gol
build Army tri
remove tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
England: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bre hold
bud move rum
bur support tyr move mun
cly move edi
con move aeg
edi hold
eng move lon
gal move ukr
ion move tun
mid move por
mos move stp
pie move mar
por move mid
pru move ber
rom move nap
ser move bul
sil move war
spa support pie move mar
swe move den
tri move ser
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys move wes
wal move lon
yor move lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ber move bal
bre hold
bul move con
bur support mun
cly move lvp
den move swe
edi hold
eng move lon
gre support aeg move bul/sc
ion move adr
kie support nth move den
lvp support edi
mid move por
mar support spa
mun support bur
nap move ion
nth move den
por support spa
pru move sil
rom move nap
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
smy move con
spa support mar
stp move mos
tun hold
ukr move sev
wal support cly move lvp
war move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army/dislodged lvp
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move yor
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
remove edi
remove mid
remove swe
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move con
bal move swe
ber support kie move mun
bre move par
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move pic
den move nth
gre support tun move ion
ion move gre
kie move mun
lon move wal
lvp move cly
mar move gas
mun move bur
nap hold
por move mid
ruh move bel
rum move ukr
ser support ion move gre
sev move arm
sil move gal
smy support aeg move con
spa hold
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tun move ion
tys move rom
vie move tri
wal move lvp
war move mos
yor support lon move wal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gre move aeg
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move con
arm support con move ank
ber move pru
bud move tri
bul move con
bur move par
cly support lvp
con move ank
gas support mid move bre
gre hold
ion support rom move nap
lvn move war
lvp hold
mid move bre
mos support ukr move war
nap support ven move rom
nth move edi
par hold
pic support bur move par
rom move nap
ser support gre
sil support lvn move war
smy support aeg move con
spa move por
ukr move war
ven move rom
vie move gal
wal support yor move lvp
yor move lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army/dislodged nap
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nap move apu
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bre
remove cly
build Army kie
remove lvn
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank support smy move con
apu move nap
arm move ank
ber move sil
bul move con
con move bla
gal support ukr move war
gas move bre
gre move ion
ion move aeg
kie move mun
lvp hold
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap move apu
par move bur
pic support par move bur
por move spa
pru support sil move war
rom support apu move nap
ser move tri
sil move war
smy move con
swe move nwy
tri move ven
ukr move war
ven support nap move apu
vie move tyr
wal support yor move lvp
yor move lvp
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move cly
nap move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move arm
arm move sev
bel support mun move bur
ber move sil
bla support ank move arm
bre hold
bul move rum
bur move bel
cly move lvp
gal move war
ion move tun
kie move ruh
lvp hold
mun move bur
nap hold
nwy move stp/nc
pic support bur move bel
pru move war
rom move ven
ser move gre
sil move boh
smy support aeg move con
spa move mar
stp hold
tri support rom move ven
tys move gol
ukr support gal move war
ven move tri
vie move tyr
wal move eng
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Austria: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Austria: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ven move adr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
