PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank hold
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
eng move bre
ion move tun
kie move hol
nth move nwy
ruh move bel
rum support con move bul
ser support alb move tri
tri move vie
tyr move vie
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
war move sil
yor move wal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
ank move bla
bel support mun move bur
ber support kie move mun
bre move mid
bul support gre
con support bul
gal move rum
gre support bul
hol move kie
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mun move bur
nap move tys
nwy hold
rum move sev
ser move tri
sil move gal
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tyr move pie
ven support tyr move pie
vie support tri move tyr
wal move lon
war hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg hold
bel move bur
ber support kie move mun
bla move con
bre support eng move mid
bul move ser
bur move par
con move bul
den hold
eng move mid
gal support rum move bud
gre support bul move ser
hol move ruh
kie move mun
nrg move bar
nwy support swe
pie move mar
rum move bud
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move ion
vie move bud
wal hold
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet kie
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
remove wal
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar move nwy
ber move sil
bre move eng
bud support gal move vie
bul support aeg move gre
bur move gas
con move aeg
den move nth
gal move vie
gre move alb
kie move den
lon move yor
mid move por
mun support tyr
nwy support stp/nc move bar
par support bur move gas
ruh move bur
ser support gre move alb
sil move boh
smy move eas
stp/nc move bar
tun move wes
tyr support vie
ven hold
vie hold
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet/dislodged bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bar move nrg
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move tri
bar move nrg
ber move pru
boh support gal move vie
bud support alb move tri
bur move mar
eas move ion
eng move mid
gal move vie
gas support bur move mar
gre support eas move ion
ion move adr
mun hold
nth move edi
nrg hold
nwy support bar move nrg
par move bre
ser support alb move tri
swe support nwy
tyr hold
ven move apu
vie hold
war hold
wes move gol
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mar move pie
nrg move cly
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
remove gol
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
apu move nap
ber move kie
boh move sil
bre move gas
bud move vie
cly move edi
con move ank
den move nth
gas move spa
gre move ion
ion move tys
kie move den
mid move eng
mar support gas move spa
mos move lvn
mun support boh move tyr
nth move eng
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
pie move ven
por support spa
pru move ber
rom move nap
ser move tri
smy move aeg
swe move den
tri move tyr
vie move boh
war support boh move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move ska
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
apu move rom
ber support pru move sil
boh move mun
bre move par
bul move gre
den move swe
edi move nth
gas move bur
ion move tun
kie move bal
lvn move pru
mid move eng
mar move pie
mun support pru move sil
nth move bel
nwy support swe
por support spa
pru move sil
rom move nap
sev move bla
sil support boh move mun
ska support den move swe
swe support nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys support apu move rom
vie support tri
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sil move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army con
remove pie
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
bla move con
boh move mun
bur move bel
con move bul
den support ska move nth
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move sil
gre move nap via convoy
ion convoy gre move nap
lon move bre via convoy
mun support sil
nap support ven move rom
nth move den
nwy support swe
par move bre
por hold
pru move ber
rom support tyr move ven
sil support ber move pru
ska move nth
stp/sc move fin
swe hold
tri support tyr move ven
tun hold
tyr move ven
tys support gre move nap
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: army/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Russia: army/dislodged pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap move apu
nth move edi
pru move lvn
sil move ber
ven move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move ven
bal support pru move lvn
bel move hol
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bul support ank move con
bur move mar
den support bal
eng move bre
fin support swe
ion move tys
lon hold
lvn move pru
nap support rom
nth move hol
par move pic
pie move mar
por move mid
pru move lvn
rom support ven
sil support tyr move mun
tri support ven
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven support tyr
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
con disband
mun move kie
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove apu
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
remove nth
remove pie
remove pru
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal hold
ber move kie
boh support mun
bul move rum
bur move gas
con move bla
den move hel
edi move nth
fin support stp/sc move bot
kie move hol
lvn move pru
lvp move iri
gol support rom move spa
mid move por
mos move lvn
mun hold
nap move apu
nwy support edi move nth
pic move par
rom move spa via convoy
sil move ber
smy move aeg
stp/sc move bot
tri move bud
tys convoy rom move spa
ven move tri
war support lvn move pru
wes convoy rom move spa
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move ven
arm move sev
bal move den
ber move sil
bla move rum
boh move gal
bre support nth move eng
bud support tri move vie
gas move mar
hol hold
iri move mid
kie move mun
lvn move mos
mun move tyr
nth move eng
par move bur
por support iri move mid
pru move war
rum move gal
spa hold
tri move vie
tys move wes
war move ukr
wes move naf
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bel
build Army ber
remove bot
build Army con
remove fin
remove nwy
build Army smy
remove swe
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move sil
bla support sev
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud move vie
bur move mar
con move bul
den move nth
eng move lon
hol move ruh
ion move adr
lon move yor
gol move mar
mid support por move spa
mar move pie
mos support ukr
mun support tyr
naf move mid
por move spa/sc
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil move gal
smy move con
spa support bur move mar
tyr support vie move tri
ukr hold
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war support sil move gal
wes support spa
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
arm support sev
bla support bul move rum
boh support tyr move vie
bud support tri move vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
con hold
eng move nth
gal support tyr move vie
lon support eng move nth
gol move mar
mid move nat
mos support ukr
mun support tyr
naf move wes
pie move tus
por hold
ruh move kie
rum move gal
sev support bul move rum
sil support gal
spa support gol move mar
tri move vie
tyr move vie
ukr hold
ven move tyr
war support gal
wes move tys
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move nwy
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
remove war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
arm support sev
bla move rum
boh support gal move vie
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move pic
con move bul
edi move bel via convoy
gal move vie
hel move nth
kie move ber
lon support nth
mos support ukr
mun move tyr
nat move nrg
nth convoy edi move bel
nwy support hel move nth
por move spa/sc
rum move gal
sev support bla move rum
sil move gal
smy move aeg
spa move gas
tri support bud move vie
tus move ven
tyr move tri
tys move rom
ukr hold
ven move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber move mun
bla support arm move sev
boh support vie move gal
bud move vie
bul move rum
gas move bre
lon move nth
mar move pie
mos support ukr
mun move bur
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pic move par
rom support ven move tus
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move ukr
sil move war
spa/sc move por
tri move tyr
tus move pie
tyr move pie
ukr support vie move gal
ven move tus
vie move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army lon
remove mos
build Fleet smy
remove ukr
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move rum via convoy
bla convoy arm move rum
boh move sil
bre move pic
bul move ser
bur move gas
con move bul
gal support boh move sil
hel support kie move hol
hol move kie
ion hold
kie move hol
lon move bel via convoy
mid move gas
mar support tus move pie
mun support tri move tyr
nth convoy lon move bel
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
par support bur move gas
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev support rum move ukr
smy move aeg
swe move ska
tri move ven
tus move pie
tyr move boh
ven move adr
vie move gal
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Austria: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: army/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
hol move ruh
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Austria: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move ion
bel support ruh move hol
bla support bul move rum
boh move mun
bul move rum
gal move war
gas move bre
hel move den
ion move tys
lvn move pru
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa/sc
mun move bur
nth support ruh move hol
nwy move swe
par support gas move bre
pic move par
pie move mar
ruh move hol
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev support ukr move mos
sil move ber
ska move swe
tri support vie
tys move wes
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie support ser move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move kie
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
