PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move lvn
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
boh hold
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
kie move hol
lvn move stp/sc
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support alb
sev support rum
tus move tun via convoy
war move mos
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army par
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
ber move sil
bla support bul
boh move vie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move smy
den move swe
gre move aeg
hol move bel
kie move den
lon move nth
mos support stp/sc
nth move nwy
nwy move fin
par move bur
pie hold
por move mid
rum support sev
ser move gre
sev support rum
spa move gas
tus move ven
tys move tun
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bar move stp/nc
bel support mun move bur
bla support bul
bur support pic move bel
den support swe
fin move swe
gas support bur
gre move bul
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move bur
nth move hol
nwy support fin move swe
pic move bel
pie move ven
rum move bla
ser support gre move bul
sev move arm
sil move boh
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
tri move alb
tun hold
ven move tyr
vie hold
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove arm
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet rom
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move smy
alb move ion
ank move con
bel support kie move hol
bla move sev
boh support mun move tyr
bot hold
bul move smy via convoy
bur support pic move bel
den move swe
edi move nth
fin support stp/nc
gas support bur
hol support pic move bel
kie move hol
lon move eng
mos support war
mun move tyr
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie support mun move tyr
rom move tys
rum move bla
ser move gre
smy support ank move con
swe move ska
tri support tyr
tun move wes
tyr move pie
ven support tyr move pie
vie hold
war support mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
pie move mar
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bel move ruh
bla move ank
boh move sil
bot move stp/sc
bul move con
bur support mar
den move swe
eng move lon
fin support nwy move swe
gas move par
ion move eas
kie support ruh move hol
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mos support bot move stp
nth move den
nwy move swe
pie hold
ruh move hol
sev hold
ska move nth
smy support con
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven support tri move tyr
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move bel
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove sil
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank support bul move con
bar move nwy
bel move hol
boh move vie
bul move con
bur support ruh move mun
con move ank
den move swe
eas move smy
fin support bar move nwy
gre move ser
hol support mun move ruh
kie move bal
lon move nth
lvn move war
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
mar move spa
mos support stp/sc
mun move ruh
nth move hel
par move gas
pie move mar
ruh move mun
sev move bla
ska move nwy
smy support con move ank
spa/sc move por
stp/sc hold
swe support bar move nwy
tyr move tri
ven move tus
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move kie
smy move arm
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank hold
arm move ank
bal move swe
bel support nth move hol
bla support arm move ank
bur move mar
con support ank
den support bal move swe
fin support swe
gas support bur move mar
hel move kie
kie move mun
gol support mar
mid move bre
mar hold
mos support stp/sc
mun hold
nth move hol
nwy support swe
ser move bud
ska support bal move swe
spa/sc support bur move mar
stp/sc hold
swe support nwy
tri move tyr
ukr move sev
vie move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move ruh
mar move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bal
remove bla
build Army lon
build Army par
build Fleet rom
remove ska
build Army tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support hol
boh move mun
bud move vie
bul/sc move aeg
con move bul
fin move swe
gas support par move bre
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support mos move stp
gol move wes
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ber
par move bre
pie hold
rom move tys
ruh move mun
sev move mos
smy move eas
spa/sc move por
stp/sc move bot
swe move ska
tus support pie
tyr support boh move mun
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
Italy: fleet/dislodged bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
ber hold
boh move sil
bot move swe
bre hold
bul move ser
con move smy
den support ruh move kie
eas move ion
gas move mar
hol support kie
kie support ska move den
lvn hold
mid support wes move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
nwy support swe
pie hold
por support spa
ruh move kie
ska move den
spa hold
stp move fin
swe support ska move den
tri move tyr
tus hold
tyr move mun
tys move gol
vie move boh
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lvp
build Army par
remove ruh
remove tus
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move mun
bot convoy lvn move swe
bre move pic
bur move mar
fin support lvn move swe
hol support lon move bel
ion move tys
kie support swe move den
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move swe via convoy
lvp move yor
gol support wes move spa
mid support wes move spa
mar support par move bur
mun move ruh
nth convoy lon move bel
par move bur
pie support bur move mar
por move mid
pru move ber
ser move tri
sil support pru move ber
ska support swe move den
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp move nwy
swe move den
tyr move mun
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support yor move hol
boh support tyr move mun
bot support swe
bur move mar
den support ska move swe
fin support swe
gas move spa
hol move kie
kie move bal
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc move por
mar support gol move spa
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy support ska move swe
pic move bre
pie move mar
por support gas move spa
ruh move bur
sil support ber
ska move swe
spa/sc move por
stp move lvn
swe hold
tyr move mun
tys move wes
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army stp
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support den move swe
bel support hol
ber hold
boh support mun
bot support swe
bre hold
bur support gas move mar
den move swe
fin support swe
gas move mar
hol support bel
ion move tys
gol move spa/sc
mid support mar move gas
mar move gas
mun support ruh move bur
nth move eng
nwy support den move swe
pie support mar
por support gol move spa
ruh move bur
sil support ber
ska support den move swe
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri move tyr
war move pru
wes move naf
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
gas move par
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
bel move bur
ber hold
boh support mun
bot support swe
bre move gas
bur support gas move mar
den move swe
eng move mid
fin support swe
gas move mar
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move ber
mid move iri
mar support bre move gas
mun hold
nwy support den move swe
par support bre move gas
pie move mar
por move mid
pru support ber
sil support ber
ska support den move swe
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp move nwy
swe hold
tyr support mun
tys move wes
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber hold
bot support swe
bur support mar move gas
fin support swe
gas support par move bur
iri move lvp
mar move gas
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
por move mid
pru support ber
rom move tus
spa/sc move mar
stp move nwy
swe hold
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven move pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
bel move lon via convoy
ber support mun move kie
bot support swe
bur support mar move gas
den support nwy move swe
eng convoy bel move lon
fin support swe
gas support par move bur
kie move ber
lvp hold
mid move gas
mar support mid move gas
mun move kie
nap move tys
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh support mun move kie
sil support mun
ska move nth
spa/sc move por
stp move nwy
swe hold
tus move gol
tys move wes
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army/dislodged gas
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
gas disband
kie move hel
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove hel
remove hol
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move kie
bot move bal
bur move bel
den support bal move kie
eng move iri
fin support stp move nwy
gas move bre
kie move den
lon move yor
gol hold
mid move iri
mar move bur
naf move mid
nth move nrg
nwy move swe
par hold
pie move mar
por move spa/nc
ruh move hol
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move ruh
nwy move nth
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal support swe move den
bel support hol
boh move mun
bre hold
bur move pic
den support kie
eng move iri
fin support nwy
hol support bel
ion move tun
lvn move stp
lvp hold
gol move wes
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun move kie
naf move mid
nth move hol
nrg move cly
nwy hold
par move bre
ruh support mun move kie
spa/nc move gas
swe move den
yor move lvp
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move hel
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove hel
remove iri
build Army mos
remove nth
build Fleet sev
build Army ven
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move den
bel move lon
bre hold
bur support pic move par
cly move lvp
den move swe
eng convoy bel move lon
gas hold
ion move tun
lvp hold
mid move nat
mos move ukr
pic move par
ruh move bel
sev move rum
stp move lvn
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tyr move tri
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tyr move tri
wes move mid
yor support cly move lvp
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Austria: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
Italy: fleet/dislodged lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
lvp move iri
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Austria: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bre move eng
den move nth
eng move nth
fin move swe
iri move wal
lon move yor
mid move iri
mun move tyr
nat move nrg
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr move vie
ven move pie
vie move bud
wes move spa/sc
yor move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Austria: army lon
Austria: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Austria: army lon
Austria: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move tri
bur move mar
den move hel
eng move nth
gas move spa/nc
iri support wal move lvp
nrg move edi
par move bur
sil move mun
spa/sc move mid
stp/sc move bot
tun move ion
vie support bud move tri
wal move lvp
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Austria: army lon
Austria: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Austria: army lon
Austria: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bre support iri move mid
edi support nth move yor
iri move mid
mar move spa
nth move yor
spa/nc move por
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Austria: army lon
Austria: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Russia: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army/dislodged yor
Austria: fleet yor
ORDERS
