PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move sev
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
gal move bud
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move ruh
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
rum move sev
ser support tri
tri hold
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
yor move den
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move arm
bla hold
bud support ukr move rum
bul move gre
con move bul
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
lon move nth
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap support tun move ion
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par support mar move bur
pic support mar move bur
por move mid
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser support tri move bud
sev move arm
spa move gas
swe move den
tri move bud
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move vie
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
bel hold
bud support ser move tri
bur move bel
gal move bud
gas support par move bur
hel support yor move hol
hol hold
ion move aeg
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
mos support rum move sev
mun hold
nth convoy yor move hol
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
rum move sev
ser move tri
sev move arm
ska move den
swe support ska move den
ukr support rum move sev
vie support gal move bud
yor move hol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bud move rum
tri move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support nap move ion
alb support tri
ank hold
bel support bur move ruh
bla hold
bre move mid
bud support ukr move rum
bul hold
bur move ruh
den move kie
gas support pic move bur
gre hold
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
lon hold
mos move ukr
nap move ion
nth hold
pic move bur
rum move bud
sev support ukr move rum
smy move con
spa/sc move wes
swe move bal
tri support rum move bud
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ber
rum move ser
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
alb support tri
ank support con move smy
arm move smy
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla support bul move rum
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur support ruh move mun
con move smy
edi move kie
gas move naf
gre move ser
hel convoy edi move kie
hol support edi move kie
ion move gre
kie move den
lon hold
mid convoy gas move naf
mun support ber move kie
nth convoy edi move kie
ruh move mun
rum support bud move ser
ser move bud
sev support rum
tri support ser move bud
tyr move tri
ukr support rum
ven support tyr move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove ber
build Army edi
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul/sc
ank support bla move con
arm move syr
bal move ber
bla move con
bud move ser
bul support bla move con
bur move pic
den move swe
gre move bul/sc
hel move den
hol move kie
kie move ber
lon move nth
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move sil
naf move tun
nap move ion
nth move nwy
ruh move mun
rum support bud move ser
ser support tri move bud
sev move arm
smy support bla move con
tri move bud
tyr support ven move tri
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move gre
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support smy move con
arm move bla
bud move ser
bul/sc support aeg move gre
con move bul/ec
den move bal
edi move nwy
gre support bud move ser
hol move kie
kie move ber
mun support kie move ber
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pie move tyr
rum support vie move bud
ser support vie move bud
sev move mos
sil move gal
smy move con
swe support den move bal
syr move arm
tri support tyr move ven
tun move nap
tyr move ven
tys convoy tun move nap
vie move bud
war move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
remove bul/sc
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank hold
bal move lvn
ber move pru
bud move vie
con support ank
edi move nwy
gal move vie
gre hold
kie move ber
lvn move war
lvp move yor
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move boh
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move fin
par move bur
rom move tys
rum move bud
smy hold
stp/nc hold
swe move bot
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys support nap move rom
ven move pie
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rom move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move sil
boh support gal move vie
bot convoy fin move lvn
bud move vie
bur move mun
fin move lvn
gal move vie
gre move bul
lon move den
lvn move bal
mar move pie
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move stp
pic hold
pru move war
rom hold
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev support rum move ukr
stp/nc move bar
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support mar move pie
tys support rom
ven support tus move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove tri
remove ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank hold
bal convoy den move pru
bar move nrg
boh move gal
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bla
den move pru
lvn support stp move mos
mar move gol
mun move boh
nth convoy yor move den
par move bur
pie move ven
pru move war
rom support pie move ven
sil support pru move war
smy move con
stp move mos
tun support tys move ion
tus move gol
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr move mos
vie support boh move gal
yor move den
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bal move den
bla move sev
boh move vie
bur move mun
con move smy
den move kie
gal support vie move bud
ion move eas
lvn support mos
mar move gol
mos support war move ukr
nth hold
nrg move nat
pru move war
rom hold
sil support pru move war
swe move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tun move ion
tus move gol
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
remove gre
build Fleet lon
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bla move sev
bre move mid
bud support gal move rum
den move hel
eas move aeg
edi move nth
gal move rum
ion support eas move aeg
kie support sil move mun
lon support nth move eng
lvn move war
mar move gol
mos support bla move sev
mun hold
nat move mid
nth move eng
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pic move bel
rom move nap
sil move mun
smy hold
tri move alb
tus move gol
ukr support lvn move war
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
rum move bul
sev disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move gre
bel hold
boh move vie
bre move pic
bud support rum move ser
bul move gre
bur support bel
con hold
eng support nat move mid
hel move hol
ion move tun
kie move ruh
lon move wal
mar move spa/sc
mos move ukr
mun hold
nat move mid
nap move rom
nth support hel move hol
nrg move nat
rum move ser
sev support ukr move rum
sil support mun
smy move aeg
tri support rum move ser
tus move rom
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove tus
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move gre
bel move pic
bre move gas
bud hold
bul move con
bur support tyr move mun
con move bul
eng support nat move mid
gal support sil move boh
gre move bul/sc
hol support lon move bel
lon move bel
lvp move yor
mid move spa/nc
mun hold
nat move mid
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move bel
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
ruh move bur
rum support con move bul
ser support gre move bul/sc
sev move bla
sil move boh
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tyr move mun
ukr support rum
vie support bud
wal move iri
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
bel move pic
bla support con move bul
boh move vie
bre support pic
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
eng support bel move pic
gal support boh move vie
gas move spa/nc
gre move ion
hol support yor move bel
ion support aeg move gre
iri move mid
mid move por
mun hold
naf move tun
nth convoy yor move bel
par support bre
pic support bre
por support gas move spa/nc
rom move nap
ruh move bur
rum support con move bul
ser support bul move rum
spa/nc support mid move por
tri support vie
tyr support bur move mun
ukr support rum
vie support bud
yor move bel
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
England: army/dislodged rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move kie
rum disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move pic
bla convoy con move rum
boh move tyr
bre support gas move mid
bud move gal
bul support con move rum
bur support bel move pic
con move rum
eng support bel move pic
gal move bud
gas move mid
gre hold
hol move bel
ion support gre
iri move mid
kie move ber
lvp move nat
mid move wes
mun move ruh
nth convoy yor move den
par move bur
por support gas move mid
rum move bud
ser support alb move gre
smy move aeg
spa/nc move por
tri move ven
tun move wes
ukr support con move rum
vie support bud move gal
yor move den
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
England: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
mid move naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support ser move tri
bel hold
ber move mun
bla move rum
bre move pic
bud hold
bul move ser
bur move mar
den move kie
eng support pic move bre
gal move sil
gre move alb
ion support naf move tun
iri support nat move mid
mid move spa/nc
naf move tun
nat move mid
nap move rom
nth move hol
par support bre move pic
pic move bre
por support mid move spa/nc
ruh move hol
rum support bul move ser
ser move tri
spa/nc move por
tun move wes
tyr move ven
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: fleet/dislodged spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/nc move gas
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove rom
build Army smy
remove ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bel support lon move hol
bla hold
boh support ruh move mun
bre hold
bud move vie
con move bul
eng support pic move bre
gas support pic move bre
gre move ion
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie support mun move ber
lon move hol
lvp move nat
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa/sc
mun move ber
nth convoy lon move hol
par support bre
pic move bre
por move mid
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sil support ruh move mun
smy move gre
spa/nc move gas
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr move tri
war move sil
wes support ion move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
England: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
ber move mun
bla hold
boh support vie
bre move gas
bud hold
bul move rum
edi move hol
eng support pic move bre
gas support pic move bre
gre move nap
hol move ruh
ion convoy gre move nap
iri support nat move mid
kie support ber move mun
mar support spa/sc
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nth convoy edi move hol
par move bur
pic move bre
por move mid
ser support tri
sil hold
spa/sc hold
tri hold
tun hold
tys move wes
ven move rom
vie hold
war move sil
wes support tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
