PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move arm
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun via convoy
arm move ank
bla support ser move rum
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move ank
den move ska
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move lon
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
nth move ska
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
pie move ven
ruh move hol
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
spa move mar
ukr move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army stp
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm hold
ber move kie
bla support ank move arm
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move rum
con support bul
den move ska
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
ion move eas
kie move den
lon support bre move eng
mar move pie
mun hold
nap move tys
nth move yor
nrg move nth
nwy move den
par move bre
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support arm
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move tyr
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
nwy disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move smy
arm move ank
bla move ank
boh support sil move mun
bre move gas
bul hold
den support ska move swe
eng support lon
gre move aeg
hol move kie
kie move bal
lon support eng
mar move spa
mun move ber
nth support swe move den
nwy support swe
rum move gal
sev hold
sil move mun
ska move swe
swe hold
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move wes
ven move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove eas
remove kie
build Fleet mar
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
arm move ank
bal support ska move swe
bel move ruh
ber hold
bla support bul move rum
boh move tyr
bul move con
con move ank
den support ska move swe
eng move nth
gal move sil
gas move bur
lon support eng move nth
mar move gol
mun move kie
nth support yor move lon
nwy support swe
sev move rum
ska move swe
smy move con
spa move por
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
tri move adr
tyr move ven
ven move tus
vie move tri
war move pru
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
aeg move smy
arm move ank
bla move sev
bot support fin move swe
bur move mun
con support aeg move smy
eng support lon
fin move swe
kie support pru move ber
lon support eng
gol move tys
nth move bel
nwy support fin move swe
pru move ber
ruh move hol
rum move sev
sil move mun
smy move ank
tri move apu
tus move rom
tyr support sil move mun
ven support tus move rom
yor move nth
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move nap
smy move syr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bud
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
remove nap
remove syr
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move nap
arm move ank
bel move eng
ber move mun
bla move rum
bot move swe
bud move vie
bur move par
con move bul
den move kie
eng move iri
hol move bel
kie support mun move ruh
lon move yor
lvp move iri
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nth support bel move eng
nwy move stp
por move spa
rom support apu move nap
rum hold
smy move con
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tun move naf
tyr move pie
tys support mar move gol
ven support rom
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
eng move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank hold
bel move hol
bla move con
den hold
eng move bre
ion move nap
kie support swe move den
lvp move iri
gol move mar
mid move bre
mun move bur
naf move tun
nap move apu
nth move edi
par move bre
pie hold
rom support ion move nap
ruh move hol
rum hold
sev hold
sil move mun
spa move por
stp move mos
swe move den
tyr move ven
tys move tun
ven move tus
vie move tyr
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet bre
remove iri
remove naf
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel move bur
bre move eng
bul move gre
bur support pie move mar
con move aeg
den support nwy move nth
eng move lon
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon support bre move eng
mid move iri
mos move war
mun hold
nap move tys
nth support eng move lon
nwy move nth
par support bel move bur
pie move mar
por move spa
ruh support kie move hol
stp hold
tri move adr
tyr move pie
tys move ion
war move sil
yor support lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army/dislodged bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bur move gas
eng move bel
nth move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
ank move bla
bel move hol
bur move par
den support nth
edi hold
eng move wal
gas support mun move bur
hol support ruh move bel
ion move aeg
iri move lvp
lon support eng move wal
mar support spa
mun move bur
nth hold
par move bre
ruh move bel
rum hold
sev move ukr
sil move mun
spa support mar
stp move fin
tys move gol
war move sil
yor support lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move eng
ion move eas
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove eng
remove par
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel move pic
bre move par
bud move ser
bur move par
den move nth
eas move smy
edi move nrg
fin move stp
gas support pie move mar
gre move bul
hol move bel
ion move aeg
lon move wal
lvp move wal
gol support pie move mar
mar move spa/sc
mun move ruh
nth move nrg
pie move mar
sil move mun
spa move por
stp/sc move bot
tun move wes
tyr move pie
ukr move war
wal move iri
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel hold
bla move ank
bot move swe
bre move par
bul move con
bur move par
den move nth
edi hold
gas support bur move par
ion convoy nap move tun
iri move lvp
lon move nth
lvp hold
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mun move bur
nap move tun
nth move nrg
pic move bre
pie hold
por move spa
ruh move hol
ser move gre
sil move mun
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
war move sil
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
bel hold
bul move con
bur move mar
den move nth
edi hold
gas support bur move mar
hol move ruh
ion move tys
iri support mid move nat
lvp move iri
gol support spa
mid move nat
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nrg support den move nth
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
por move spa
rum hold
sil move boh
smy move con
swe move nwy
tun move naf
tus move pie
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army naf
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
boh move vie
bul move con
edi hold
gal move bud
gas move spa
iri move lvp
lvp move iri
gol move mar
mid support spa
mar support gas move spa
nat support iri move lvp
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pie support gol move mar
ruh move mun
rum support gal move bud
smy move con
spa support pie move mar
tyr move tri
tys move wes
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
Italy: fleet/dislodged lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army naf
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
edi disband
lvp move wal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army naf
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
