PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move bal
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
arm move smy
bal move swe
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move mun
gal move vie
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move nth
nth move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move hol
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
yor hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal support nwy move swe
bel move bur
ber move mun
bla support bul
bot move swe
bud support tri move vie
con move aeg
den move kie
eng move bel
gre hold
hol move ruh
lon hold
mar move spa
mun support bel move bur
nap move tys
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move swe
par move gas
rom move tus
ser support bla move rum
sev support ukr move rum
smy move con
tri move vie
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
vie move boh
war move sil
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move den
bel move hol
ber support ruh move mun
bla move rum
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bud support bla move rum
bul support bla move rum
bur support gas move mar
gas move mar
gre support tys move ion
kie support ber
lon move eng
mun support bur
nth move hol
nwy move fin
ruh move mun
ser support gre
sev support rum
sil support boh move mun
spa hold
swe support nwy move fin
tus move pie
tyr support ruh move mun
tys move ion
vie support tyr
wes move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army lon
remove sil
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move eas
bel move eng
ber move mun
boh support gal
bre move mid
bud support vie
bul support rum
bur move gas
con support bul
den move hel
eng convoy lon move pic
fin move stp
gal support sev move rum
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
kie move hol
lon move pic via convoy
gol support pie move mar
mar move spa
mun move ruh
nth support eng
pie move mar
ser move gre
sev move rum
smy move eas
spa support pie move mar
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tyr support vie
vie support tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
mar move bur
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel move pic
boh move gal
bud move rum
bur move par
con support bul
eas support smy move aeg
eng support pic move bre
fin move stp
gal move rum
gas move bre
gre move bul
hol support ruh move bel
ion move eas
gol support mar
mid support gas move bre
mar hold
mun move bur
nth support eng
nwy support fin move stp
pic move bre
ruh move bel
rum support bul
ser support gre move bul
sev support gal move rum
smy move aeg
spa move por
tyr support vie
vie support tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum disband
stp/sc disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army lon
remove mid
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel support hol
ber move kie
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
eas support smy move aeg
eng convoy lon move bre
gal support rum
gas move bre
hel move den
hol support bel
ion move tun
lon move bre via convoy
gol move wes
mar support por move spa
mun hold
nap move ion
nth hold
nwy move stp/nc
par support gas move bre
pic support lon move bre
por move spa
rom move tys
rum support gal
ser move rum
sev move bla
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
tri move tyr
tyr move pie
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
rum move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel support hol
bla support gal move rum
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con move ank
den hold
eas move aeg
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move rum
gas support par move bre
gre support bul
hol support bel
ion move eas
kie support hol
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move mos
mar move gol
mun hold
nth hold
par move bre
pic move bur
pie move mar
ruh support bel
rum move sev
spa support pie move mar
stp/nc hold
tun move naf
tys move wes
ukr support gal move rum
vie move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move smy
bel support hol
bre support gas move par
bud support gal move rum
bul move con
bur move gas
con support rum move bul
den move hel
eas move smy
eng support pic move bre
gal move rum
gas move par
gre move aeg
hol support bel
kie move den
lvn move war
gol move spa/sc
mid move nat
mar support spa move gas
mos move lvn
mun hold
naf move mid
nth hold
pic move bre
ruh move kie
rum move bul
sev move ukr
spa move gas
stp/nc hold
tri move ser
ukr move war
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move gre
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
bel support hol
bre support bur move par
bud move rum
bur move par
con move smy
den move nth
eas support aeg move smy
eng support nth
gas move lvp via convoy
gre support rum move bul
hel support den move nth
hol support bel
ion move nap
kie move den
lvn move stp
mid convoy gas move lvp
mar hold
mos support ukr move war
mun hold
nat convoy gas move lvp
nth hold
par move bre
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support bud move rum
spa/sc move por
stp/nc move nwy
ukr move war
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
par disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con move smy
bel support hol
bre move gas
bud move gal
bul move con
con move smy
den support hel move nth
eas move ion
edi hold
eng move wal
hel move nth
hol support bel
kie move den
lvp support nat move cly
mid move nat
mar move gas
mos support war move lvn
mun hold
nat move cly
nap move ion
nth move eng
nwy move nth
par move bur
por move mid
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev move arm
smy support bul move con
spa/sc support por move mid
stp hold
vie move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Austria: fleet/dislodged smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move aeg
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank support smy move con
arm move ank
bel move bur
boh support tyr move mun
bre move gas
bur move pic
cly support lvp move edi
con support arm move ank
den move swe
eas move smy
edi move lvp
eng move lon
gal move sil
gre move ser
hol move ruh
kie support mun
lvn move war
lvp move edi
mid move eng
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun support kie
nat move lvp
nap move rom
nth support cly move edi
nwy move swe
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
smy move con
spa/sc support mar
stp move mos
tyr move mun
wal support edi move lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ank move smy
arm support con move ank
boh move gal
bur move bel
cly support lvp move edi
con move ank
den move ska
edi support wal move lvp
eng move wal
gas move par
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar hold
mos support war
mun support kie move ber
nat move iri
nth support bur move bel
nwy support lon move nth
pic move bel
rom move tys
ruh support mun
ser move bul
sev move mos
sil move war
smy support aeg move eas
spa/sc support mar
stp support sev move mos
syr move eas
ukr support sil move war
wal move lvp
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
England: army/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi move yor
mos move lvn
nth move den
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
arm move syr
ber move mun
bul move ser
bur move bel
cly move lvp
den move swe
edi support cly move lvp
gal support war
iri support cly move lvp
lvn support pru move war
lvp move cly
mar support spa/sc
mos support war
mun move bur
nth move lon
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic move bel
pru move war
ruh move hol
ska move nth
smy support arm move syr
spa/sc support mar
stp move nwy
syr move eas
tys move tun
ukr support mos
wal move lon
war support mos
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
lvp move nat
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove lvn
remove pru
remove stp
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
ber move mun
bud move gal
bur move bel
den support ska move nth
edi move yor
gal move sil
hol support bur move bel
iri move eng
lvp move wal
mar support spa/sc
mos move lvn
mun move bur
nat move nrg
nth support pic move bel
nwy move nth
par hold
pic move bel
ser move bud
ska move nth
smy move eas
spa/sc support mar
syr move arm
tri move vie
tun move ion
ukr move mos
vie move boh
wal move lon
war move pru
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nth move hel
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bel move pic
boh move mun
bud move gal
bur support mun
con move bul
den move swe
eas move ion
edi move yor
eng move nth
gal move sil
hel move den
hol move kie
lon support edi move yor
lvn support mos move stp
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support bur
nth move den
nrg support yor move edi
nwy move nth
par move gas
pic move par
pru support sil move ber
sil move ber
spa/sc move wes
tun move ion
tyr support boh move mun
vie move boh
wal move lvp
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove nrg
remove nwy
remove pic
build Army tri
build Fleet ven
build Army vie
remove yor
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bud move gal
bur move mun
edi hold
eng support lon move nth
gal move war
gas move bre
hel move hol
ion move nap
kie support bur move mun
lon move nth
lvn move stp
lvp move iri
mar hold
mun move kie
nth move hol
par move bur
pru move lvn
ruh support bur move mun
sil support boh move mun
stp move fin
swe move bal
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tyr move pie
ven move apu
vie move boh
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
nth move bel
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move nap
bal move swe
bel move hol
ber support kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre move pic
bul move ser
bur move mun
den move kie
edi move bel via convoy
eng support nth move bel
fin support stp move nwy
gal move war
hel move den
iri move mid
lvn move stp
gol move mar
mar move bur
naf move mid
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move bel
par move pic
pie hold
ruh support den move kie
sil support tyr move mun
stp move nwy
tyr move mun
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
remove hel
remove ruh
build Army tri
build Fleet ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre support par move gas
eng support iri move mid
fin support nwy move swe
gre hold
iri move mid
kie move den
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mar move gas
mun move bur
naf move mid
nap move ion
nth support bel move hol
nwy move swe
par move gas
rom move tys
stp move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
ven move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
