PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
bla move rum
bot move bal
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
eng move nth
lvn move war
mid move por
nth move den
pic move bel
pie move mar
sev hold
stp move nwy
tus move ven
tys move tun
vie move tri
wal move yor
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support nap move gre
ank move arm
bal support war move pru
bud support ser
bul move rum
con move bul
den move hel
lon move eng
mar hold
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move den
nwy move swe
par move bur
por move mid
rom move tus
rum move bla
ser hold
sev hold
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
tri support ser
tun move wes
ven move tyr
war move pru
yor move den
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ion move gre
arm move sev
bal hold
bla support arm move sev
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur move mar
den move kie
eng move bre
gre support bul move ser
hel move hol
ion support alb move gre
lvn move mos
mid move wes
mar support wes move spa/sc
nth support hel move hol
pru move ber
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud move rum
sev move bla
spa move mar
swe move nwy
tri support ser
tus move pie
ven move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb move gre
bal hold
ber hold
bla move sev
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move aeg
edi move nrg
eng support lon
gre support bul move ser
hol support lon move bel
ion support alb move gre
kie move mun
mid move wes
mar move bur
mos support war move ukr
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy move swe
pie move mar
rum support bul move ser
ser move gre
sev move ukr
spa move mar
tri support ven move tyr
ven move tyr
war move ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move bul
ser move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb support tri move ser
bal hold
ber hold
bla move con
bud support tri move ser
bul move gre
eas move ion
eng move mid
hol move bel
ion move gre
lon move wal
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun hold
nth support hol move bel
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
rum support sev
ser support bul move gre
sev hold
swe hold
tri move ser
tyr move tri
ukr support mos move sev
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move bul
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
bal hold
ber move sil
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
con move aeg
eas support aeg move ion
edi move nrg
eng convoy wal move pic
gre support bul move ser
ion hold
lon move hol
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun hold
nap support ion
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move ska
rum support sev
ser move tri
sev hold
spa move por
swe hold
tri move vie
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
wal move pic
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support tri move ser
bal hold
bel move eng
bud support tri move ser
con move aeg
eas move ion
eng move iri
gre move bul
hol move kie
ion move adr
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move par
por hold
rum support sev
ser hold
sev hold
sil move gal
swe hold
tri move ser
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
wes move mid
yor move nwy
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move alb
aeg support eas move ion
bal support swe
bul support rum move ser
eas move ion
edi move den
eng support par move bre
gal move rum
gre move alb
kie move ber
mar hold
mos move sev
mun support kie move ber
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move den
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
par move bre
por move spa
rom move ven
rum move ser
ska support nwy move swe
swe hold
tri move alb
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
vie move bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
alb move ser
bal support swe move ber
ber support mun move sil
bre hold
bud move gal
bul support ser
con move ank
den support ska move swe
eng move nth
gre hold
ion move aeg
iri move eng
mun move sil
nap support adr move ion
nth move nrg
nwy move stp
rum hold
ser hold
sev hold
ska move swe
swe move ber
tri support vie move bud
tun support adr move ion
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army/dislodged swe
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove gal
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ion move gre
bal support fin move swe
bar move stp/nc
ber move sil
bre move par
bud support tri move ser
den move kie
edi move hol
eng convoy lon move bel
fin move swe
ion move gre
lon move bel
lvp move yor
mar move pie
nap hold
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move nat
rum hold
sev hold
sil move war
spa move mar
stp move mos
swe hold
tri move ser
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
swe move ska
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ser
bal move den
bel move bur
bud move rum
eng hold
gre support ion move aeg
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie move mun
mar hold
mos hold
nat move mid
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move gas
pie move tyr
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
sev hold
sil support kie move mun
ska support yor move nwy
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
tyr move vie
vie move gal
war hold
yor move nwy
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bar move nwy
bur support gas move mar
den move bal
eng move mid
gal move ukr
gas move mar
gre support ser move bul
kie support ska move den
lon move hol
mid move por
mar hold
mos hold
mun support sil move boh
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move stp
rom move ven
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev hold
sil move boh
ska move den
swe hold
tyr move vie
ven move tri
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
mar move spa
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
bal convoy swe move ber
bud move gal
bul move con
den support nwy move swe
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move ber
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos hold
nap move tys
nth move eng
nwy move swe
por support mid move spa/sc
rum support ukr move sev
sev hold
smy support bul move con
spa move mar
stp support mos
tri move tyr
ukr move sev
ven move pie
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army/dislodged spa
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army/dislodged swe
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
spa move gas
swe move fin
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
