PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support bud move tri
arm move sev
bla move rum
bot convoy lvn move swe
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul support bla move rum
bur move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn move swe
mos support sev
nth move nwy
ruh move mun
sev hold
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support bud move tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move mun
bot support swe
bre move eng
bul move ser
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nth
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mar move gol
mos support sev
mun move boh
nap move ion
nwy move nrg
par move bur
rum support ank move bla
sev hold
spa move por
tri move ven
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support rum
boh move gal
bot convoy swe move lvn
bre move eng
bul move gre
bur move pic
ion move gre
kie move mun
lon move eng
gol move tys
mos support sev
mun move boh
nth support lon move eng
nrg move nat
rom support tyr move ven
rum hold
ser support bul move gre
sev support ukr move rum
swe move lvn
tun move tys
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move bud
wal move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud support vie
con move bul
eng support nat move mid
gal support ukr move rum
hol support ruh move bel
ion move gre
lvn move war
gol move wes
mar move gol
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nth support ruh move bel
por move spa
rom move ven
ruh move bel
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
smy move con
tri move adr
tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie support bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla support rum
boh support gal move vie
bre hold
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move bul
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move vie
ion move gre
gol move wes
mid support lon move bre
mos support sev
mun move bur
pic support bur move bel
rom move ven
rum hold
ser move tri
sev hold
spa move por
tun hold
ukr support sev
ven move tri
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mun
remove tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support rum
boh move tyr
bre hold
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
eng convoy lon move bre
gal support ukr move rum
hol support ruh move bel
ion move gre
lon move bre
gol move wes
mid support lon move bre
mos support sev
mun move bur
nth support ruh move bel
pic move par
por hold
rom move ven
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser move alb
sev support ukr move rum
tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move tri
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bre hold
bud support adr move tri
bul move rum
bur move par
eng move pic
gal move bud
gre hold
hol support bel
ion move aeg
gol move mar
mid move bre
mos support sev
nth support bel
par hold
pic move bel
por hold
rum support arm move sev
ser support alb move tri
sev support ukr move rum
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support gal move bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ber
build Army mun
remove pic
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla move con
bre hold
bud move ser
bul support gre
bur move par
eng convoy lon move bre
gre hold
ion support aeg move gre
lon move bre
gol move spa/sc
mid support lon move bre
mos support sev
mun move boh
par hold
por hold
rom move nap
rum hold
ser move bud
sev hold
smy move aeg
tri support ser move bud
tyr support vie move tri
ukr support sev
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support nap move gre
alb move tri
arm move sev
boh move vie
bre support pic move par
bud support sev move rum
bul move rum
bur support pic move par
con move aeg
eng move mid
gal support sev move rum
ion convoy nap move gre
mid move wes
mar support mid move spa/nc
mos move sev
nth move eng
par hold
pic move par
por move spa
rum move bla
ser support alb move tri
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy support con move aeg
spa/sc move mar
ukr support sev move rum
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support smy move eas
bla support bul move rum
boh move vie
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move ruh
eng move mid
gal support ukr move rum
ion convoy nap move alb
lon move eng
mid move spa/nc
mar support mid move spa/nc
mos move ukr
par move bur
por hold
rum move bla
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum move bla
smy move eas
spa/sc move mid
tri move bud
tyr support vie move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move tri
wes support mid move spa/nc
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move ank
eas move syr
spa/sc disband
tri move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Germany: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move tri
ank move con
bla support sev move arm
bur move mar
eas move syr
eng move nth
gal support bud
gas move spa
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move den
mid support spa/nc move por
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nap move gre
por hold
ser support alb move tri
sev move arm
spa/nc move por
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move sev
ven hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support sev move ank
ber move sil
bla convoy sev move ank
bud support rum move ser
bul move rum
con move ank
eas support smy move syr
edi move nth
gal move rum
ion move tun
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nth move nrg
pie move tus
por move mid
ruh move mun
rum move ser
ser move bud
smy move syr
tri support ser move bud
tyr move ven
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
arm support bla move ank
bla move ank
bot move stp/sc
bul move rum
eas move aeg
gal move bud
gre move ser
iri move mid
mid move wes
mun move boh
pie move ven
ser hold
sev move rum
syr move smy
tri support gre move ser
tus move rom
tyr move tri
ven move apu
vie support gal move bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army ber
remove ion
build Army mos
build Army mun
remove nap
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support arm move bla
apu move nap
arm move bla
bul support gre move ser
con move bla
eng move mid
gre move ser
mid move wes
mos move ukr
nap hold
rom support apu move nap
ser support sev move rum
sev move rum
smy move con
tri support gre move ser
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
tri move alb
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move pru
bla support rum move bul
bud move ser
bul move rum
con hold
ion move gre
mid move naf
mun move tyr
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
rom move tus
rum move bul
ser support bul move rum
sil move war
smy move aeg
tun move ion
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support bul move con
ber move pru
bla support bul move con
boh move gal
bud move rum
bul move con
con hold
den support nwy move swe
gal move ukr
ion move eas
lon move nth
naf move tun
nap move apu
nwy move swe
pru move lvn
rum move sev
ser support aeg move gre
tri move bud
tus move ven
tyr move boh
tys move ion
ven move tyr
vie support boh move gal
war support boh move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
England: fleet/dislodged gre
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
con move smy
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bla support rum
gre support ser move bul
ion move aeg
rum support ukr
ser move bul
sev support mos
tys move ion
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
