PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move con
bot move swe
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
edi move nwy
gal move vie
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
pie move mar
sev hold
spa hold
stp move fin
tri move ser
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bud support ser move tri
bul support rum move ser
bur move bel
con move aeg
den move nth
edi move nth
fin support swe move nwy
gre move alb
hol move ruh
kie move hol
mar move gol
mun support hol move ruh
nap move ion
nth move ska
nrg support nwy
par move bur
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move tys
rum move ser
ser move tri
sev support rum
smy move eas
spa move mar
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tun support nap move ion
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support ion move gre
bud move vie
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mar
con move aeg
den move ska
eas support con move aeg
edi move nth
fin move swe
gal move bud
hol move bel
ion hold
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mun move bur
nrg support ska move nwy
nwy support den move ska
pie move tus
ruh support hol move bel
ser support gal move bud
sev move rum
ska move nwy
stp support nwy
tri support bud move vie
tun support ion
tyr support ven move tri
tys support ion
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet ank
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move arm
bel move eng
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser
bur move par
eas move aeg
edi move nth
gre support eas move aeg
ion hold
kie move hol
gol move tys
mar move bur
mos move sev
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
nwy support ska move nth
pic move par
ruh move bel
rum move bul/ec
ser move bud
sev move bla
ska move den
spa move gas
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tri move ser
tun support tys
tus support tyr move pie
tyr move pie
tys support tun
war move ukr
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb support bul move ser
arm move ank
bla support sev move arm
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur support pie move mar
con move bul/ec
den move nth
edi move nth
eng move lon
gas move par
gre support con move bul
hol move bel
ion support tys
gol support mar
mar hold
nth move lon
nrg support edi move nth
nwy support swe
pic move bre
pie move mar
ruh support hol move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tun support tys
tys support ion
ukr move sev
vie move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb support gre
arm move syr
bla support rum move bul
bud move tri
bul support gre
bur move mar
con move aeg
den move nth
edi move yor
eng move iri
gre support bul
ion hold
gol support mar
mid move eng
mar support par move bur
nap support ion
nth support mid move eng
nrg move nwy
nwy support den move nth
par move bur
pie support bur move mar
rum move bul/ec
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tun move wes
tys move gol
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bul disband
mar move spa
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
alb move gre
arm move ank
bla move con
bre move gas
bud move tri
bur move bel
den move nth
eas support gre move ion
eng support bur move bel
gre move ion
ion hold
iri move lvp
gol move mar
nap support ion
nth move hol
nrg move nth
nwy support swe
pie support mar
ruh move mun
ser move tri
spa support gol move mar
stp move mos
swe support nwy
syr move smy
tus hold
tys support wes move gol
vie move boh
wes move gol
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel disband
ion move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove eas
remove gre
build Fleet kie
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move wal via convoy
bul/ec move con
con move aeg
den support nwy move nth
eng convoy bel move wal
gas move mar
hol support lon move nth
ion move apu
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move cly
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap hold
nrg move cly
nwy move nth
par move bur
pie support mar
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
spa support gas move mar
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tus move rom
tys move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
apu move nap
bla move con
boh move mun
bot move bal
bur support gas move mar
con move aeg
den move hel
eng move iri
gas move mar
gre move ion
hol move nth
kie support ruh move hol
lon support hol move nth
gol support mar
nap support gre move ion
nth convoy nwy move yor
nrg move cly
nwy move yor
pie support mar
rom move ven
ruh move hol
ser move gre
spa support gas move mar
stp move nwy
tun move wes
wal move lvp
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
remove cly
build Army mos
remove nth
build Army rom
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move swe
bur move mar
edi move yor
gas support spa
gre move tun
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion convoy gre move tun
iri support wal move lvp
kie move hel
lon move nth
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mun move bur
nap move tys
pie support mar
spa hold
wal move lvp
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
Germany: fleet/dislodged lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
lvp move cly
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support mar move bur
bur move mar
cly move nat
con move aeg
gas support spa
hel move nth
ion move tys
iri move lvp
kie move hol
lon move yor
lvp move edi
gol support pie move mar
mun support mar move bur
pie move mar
spa hold
swe move ska
tun move naf
tys move wes
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
bre move mid
bud move vie
bur move ruh
eas move ion
edi hold
gas move bur
hol move bel
ion move tys
lon move yor
lvn move pru
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mid convoy naf move por
mar support gol move spa
mun move bur
naf move por
nat move iri
nth move lon
pie support mar
rom move tus
ska move nth
spa move gas
tys move tun
war move sil
wes support gol move spa
yor support nth move lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
lon move eng
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move eng
bre move mid
edi hold
eng hold
gas move par
lon move eng
lvp move cly
mid support pic move bre
mar support mun move bur
mun move bur
nth convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi
pic move bre
pie move mar
pru move sil
ruh move kie
sil move mun
spa/sc support mid
stp move nwy
tun move naf
vie move boh
wes support mid
yor support nwy move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
France: army/dislodged edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
bre move gas
edi move lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove cly
remove eng
remove gas
remove kie
remove lvp
build Fleet nap
remove par
build Army rom
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move par
bur support bre move par
edi support nat move lvp
kie hold
lvp hold
mid move iri
mar move gas
mun support ber move kie
nat move lvp
nth move hel
nwy move swe
par hold
pie move mar
por move spa
spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army/dislodged lvp
Germany: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
kie disband
lvp disband
par disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
iri move mid
mid move por
tus move ven
ven move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
