PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar hold
mos move stp
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tus
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
apu move ven
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
den move swe
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nth move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
stp move fin
tri move alb
tus move tun via convoy
tys move wes
ukr move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Army par
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank support con move bla
arm move sev
bot support fin move swe
bre move eng
bud support sev move rum
bur move ruh
con move bla
den move swe
edi move bel
fin move swe
gre move aeg
hol support edi move bel
kie move bal
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
par move pic
por move mid
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
spa move gas
tri hold
tus move pie
ukr move sev
ven hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
ank move con
arm move smy
bal support den move swe
ber move kie
bla support bul
bot support swe
bud move ser
den move swe
eng move bel
gas move mar
gre support ser move bul
hol support bel
mid move wes
mun hold
nth move lon
nwy support den move swe
pic support eng move bel
pie move mar
ruh support eng move bel
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bul
swe hold
tri hold
ukr move sev
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army/dislodged bel
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
swe move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal convoy ber move lvn
bel support ruh move hol
ber move lvn via convoy
bla move arm
bot support fin move stp
bul support aeg move con
bur move ruh
con support smy
edi move nth
fin move stp
gas move bur
gre support bul
kie support hol
lon move eng
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun support bur move ruh
nap move tys
nwy support swe
pic move par
pie move tus
ruh move hol
rum move bla
ser support bul
sev hold
smy support con
swe hold
tri support vie move tyr
tun move wes
ven hold
vie move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bla move con
arm move ank
bal support lvn
bel move nth
bla move con
bot move stp/sc
bul support bla move con
bur move mun
con support smy
eng move bre
gre support bul
hol support ruh move bel
kie support mun
lvn support nwy move stp
mun hold
nap move tys
nth support ruh move bel
nwy move stp/nc
par move bre
pie move tus
ruh move bel
sev move arm
smy support con
stp move mos
tri support tyr
tun move tys
tus support ven
tyr support tri
ukr move war
ven hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
arm support gre move smy
bal move bot
bel hold
bot move stp/sc
bul support con
bur move bel
con support gre move smy
edi move nrg
eng move mid
gre move smy via convoy
hol support bel
kie support mun
lon move eng
lvn support stp/nc
mos support bot move stp
nap move tys
nth support lon move eng
par move bre
pic move eng
pie move gol
ser move rum
stp/nc hold
swe move bal
tri support tyr
tus move pie
tyr support tri
ven support tus move pie
war move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support smy
arm move ank
bal support bot
bar support lvn move stp
bel hold
bot support lvn move stp
bre move pic
bul move ser
bur move mar
con support arm move ank
eng support bel
hol move ruh
kie support mun
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mos support stp/sc
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pic move bre
pie move mar
rum hold
smy support arm move ank
stp/sc hold
tri support tyr
tun move wes
tyr support tri
tys support tun move wes
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank disband
stp/sc disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
remove bur
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
ank move arm
bar move nrg
bel move pic
bot support stp
bre move par
bud move vie
con move bla
eng support bel move pic
kie move ruh
lvn move stp
mid move iri
mos support lvn move stp
nth move bel
nwy hold
pic move eng
por move mid
ruh move bur
rum move gal
ser support tri
smy move gre via convoy
spa/sc move wes
tri support tyr
tyr support vie move boh
vie move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet/dislodged pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
pic move bre
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bal support bot move lvn
bel move eng
bla hold
boh support gal move sil
bot move lvn
bre move eng
bur support pic move par
eng move bre
gal move sil
gre hold
iri move lvp
lvn move pru
mid support eng move bre
mos move stp
nrg move nat
nwy support stp
par hold
pic move par
ruh support mun
ser move alb
spa/sc move por
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
vie support tyr
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
par move gas
ven move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove pie
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
bal support ber
ber support mun
bla hold
boh support sil move mun
bre hold
bur support mun
eng move bel
gas move bre
gre move nap via convoy
ion convoy gre move nap
lvn move pru
lvp move wal
mid move iri
mos support war move lvn
mun hold
nat move cly
nwy move nth
par support bre
pic support gas move bre
por move mid
pru move ber
ruh support mun
sev move ukr
sil move mun
tri move adr
tyr support sil move mun
ven hold
vie move gal
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet/dislodged lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvn move bot
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move ser
bal support ber
ber hold
bla hold
boh support sil move mun
bot support stp
bur support mun
gal move rum
gas move mar
ion move tun
lvn move stp
mid move spa/nc
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
nap support ven move rom
pic move eng
pru move ber
ruh support mun
sil move mun
tus hold
tyr support sil move mun
ukr move war
ven move rom
wal move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet tri
remove tus
remove tys
build Army vie
remove wes
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support ber
bla hold
boh support vie move tyr
bot support stp
bud move vie
bur support mun
eng support lon move nth
ion move tys
lon move nth
lvn move stp
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
nap move rom
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support mun
rum hold
ser move bul
sil support pru move ber
spa/nc move mid
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr move ven
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal support ber
bla hold
boh support sil move mun
bot move stp/sc
bul hold
bur move par
eng move bre
lvn move stp
mid support eng move bre
mar move spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ruh
nth move edi
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh move kie
rum hold
sil move mun
stp move nwy
tus move pie
tyr support sil move mun
tys move gol
ven support tus move pie
vie move gal
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
bla hold
boh support mun
bot support nwy move stp
bre move eng
bul hold
edi move nth
gal support boh
ion move tys
gol convoy tus move mar
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support pru move ber
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie support tus move mar
pru move ber
ruh move bel
rum hold
sil support pru move ber
stp move fin
tus move mar via convoy
tyr support mun
ven move tus
vie support gal
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support kie
bel move ruh
ber hold
bla hold
boh support tyr move mun
bot move swe
bre move pic
bul hold
eng move bel
fin support mos move stp
gal hold
gas move par
lvn support mos move stp
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nth move nwy
par move bur
pie support mar
rum hold
sil support ber
spa/sc move por
stp move nwy
tus hold
tyr move mun
tys move gol
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
remove iri
build Army mos
build Army tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber hold
bla hold
boh support mun
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul hold
eng support pic move bel
fin support stp move nwy
gal support boh
lvn support mos move stp
gol convoy tus move spa
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support mar move bur
nth move den
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move mar
por support spa/sc move mid
rum hold
sil support ber
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tus move spa via convoy
tyr move pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army/dislodged bel
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber hold
bla move con
bur move pic
den hold
eng move bel
fin move swe
gas support par move bur
lvn move war
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa move gas
mar support mun move bur
mun move bur
nwy support fin move swe
par move bur
pie support mar
sil support ber
spa move gas
stp move fin
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gas move bre
swe disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
