PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bla support ukr move rum
boh move mun
bot move swe
bul support ion move gre
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move bel
gas move spa
ion move tun
kie support mun
mid move por
mun hold
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
pie hold
rom move tus
ser support alb move gre
sil support boh move mun
ukr move rum
ven support rom move tus
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
bel support lon move hol
ber move pru
bla support ser move bul
boh support vie move tyr
bot move swe
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nrg
gre support ser move bul
kie support mun
lon move hol
mar support pie
mun hold
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move stp/nc
par hold
pie hold
por move mid
rom move tus
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil support war move pru
spa hold
tri move adr
tun move tys
tus move pie
ven support tus move pie
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
ank support aeg move con
bel move nwy
bla convoy rum move con
boh move mun
bot move swe
bul support rum move con
con move smy
den move nth
gre support bul
hol hold
kie move hol
mid move wes
mar support pie
mun move ruh
nth convoy bel move nwy
nrg support bel move nwy
par hold
pie hold
pru support sil move ber
rom move tus
rum move con via convoy
sil move ber
spa hold
stp/nc hold
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
tys move gol
ven support tus move pie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army edi
remove kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank move con
ber move kie
bla convoy rum move con
bre move pic
bul support rum move con
den move nth
edi move hol via convoy
gre support ion move aeg
hol move kie
ion move aeg
lon move eng
gol support pie move mar
mar support wes move gol
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie move mar
pru move lvn
ruh move hol
rum move con via convoy
smy support ank move con
spa support mar
stp/nc move bar
swe move den
tri move adr
tus move ven
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support rum move con
bar support nwy move stp
ber move kie
bla convoy rum move con
boh move sil
bul support rum move con
con support eas move aeg
den move kie
eas move aeg
edi move den via convoy
eng move bel
gre support adr move ion
hol move kie
lvn support mos move stp
gol support pie move mar
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth convoy edi move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bur
pic hold
pie move mar
ruh support pic move bel
rum move con via convoy
smy support con
spa support mar
swe support edi move den
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove hel
build Army lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
ber move kie
bla convoy rum move ank
bre move gas
bul move con
con move aeg
den support hol move kie
eas support con move aeg
gre move aeg
hol move kie
ion move tys
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn support mos move stp
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg support lon move nwy
nwy move fin
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move mar
rum move ank via convoy
smy move ank
spa support bre move gas
swe move nwy
tun move tys
tyr move tri
ven move pie
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
spa move por
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bar support fin move stp
bel hold
ber move kie
bla convoy rum move ank
bul/sc support con
bur move mar
con hold
den support nwy move swe
eas support tun move ion
fin move stp
gas support por move spa
gre move aeg
hol move kie
ion move tun
lvn support stp
gol support spa
mar support mun move bur
mun move bur
nth move hel
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
pic hold
pie support mar
por move spa
rum move ank via convoy
sil move mun
smy move ank
spa hold
stp hold
swe move fin
tri move alb
tun move ion
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
ion move adr
swe move bot
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove eas
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support ion move gre
alb support gre
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
ber move kie
bla convoy rum move ank
bot support lvn move stp
bul/sc move aeg
bur support mar move gas
con support rum move ank
den move kie
fin support bar move stp
gas move bur
gre support bul/sc move aeg
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
ion move gre
lvn move stp
gol move tys
mar move gas
mun support bur
nap support adr move ion
nth move ska
par support gas move bur
pie move mar
por hold
rum move ank via convoy
smy move ank
spa support mar move gas
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move adr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gas move bre
ion move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move con
alb move ser
ank move smy
bar support fin move stp
bel hold
ber move kie
bla move ank
bot support lvn move stp
bre support par
bul/sc support gre move aeg
bur move pic
con support ank move smy
fin move stp
gas hold
gre move aeg
hel support kie
hol support kie
ion support tys move tun
lvn move stp
mar move bur
mun hold
nap move tys
par support bre
por move spa
ska support swe move nwy
smy support aeg move con
spa support gas
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tun move ion
tys move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tun move wes
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
remove por
remove ruh
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support con move smy
ank move rum via convoy
bar support fin move stp
bel hold
bla convoy ank move rum
bot move fin
bre support par move gas
bul/sc move con
bur move par
con move smy
fin move stp
gas support bur move par
hel move den
hol move ruh
ion move tun
kie support hol move ruh
lon move eng
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move tys
nwy support fin move stp
par move gas
pic support bur move par
ser move bul
ska move swe
smy move arm
spa move por
stp support bot move fin
tun move naf
tys move gol
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Italy: army/dislodged gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gas move mar
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move sev
bar support stp
bel hold
ber support mun
bla move ank
bre hold
bul move rum
con move ank
den move kie
eng move mid
fin support mos move stp
gas support spa/sc move mar
ion move aeg
kie move mun
lvn support mos move stp
gol support mar
mar hold
mos move stp
mun hold
naf move mid
nwy support stp
par hold
pic support par
por hold
ruh support kie move mun
rum move sev
smy support con move ank
spa/sc move mar
stp hold
swe move fin
tun move wes
tys move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bla
build Army bud
build Fleet lvp
remove spa/sc
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move bla
bar support stp
bel move pic
ber support mun
bre support gas move par
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move aeg
den move bal
eng move mid
fin move bot
gas move par
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move nat
gol support por move spa
mar hold
mos move stp
mun hold
naf move mid
nwy move fin
par hold
pic support par
por move spa
ruh move mun
rum move gal
smy move arm
stp support nwy move fin
swe support nwy move fin
tun move naf
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Italy: army/dislodged par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
par move bur
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bal move kie
bar support stp
bel move pic
ber support kie move mun
bla support arm move sev
boh support mun
bre support par
bud move vie
bur move par
eng move iri
fin support stp
gal move vie
ion move tys
kie move mun
lvn move mos
gol move spa/sc
mid move gas
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun hold
naf move mid
nat move iri
par support bre
pic support bur move par
ruh support kie move mun
rum hold
spa hold
stp hold
swe move bal
tyr support mun
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bot
remove gal
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move kie
bar move nrg
bel hold
ber support kie move mun
bla support sev
boh move sil
bre support par
bud move gal
bur support mun
eng move mid
fin move swe
gas support mid move bre
ion move tys
kie move mun
lvn move war
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mar move pie
mun support boh move sil
nat support eng move mid
par support bre
pic support mid move bre
ruh support kie move mun
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
spa move mar
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tyr support mun
tys move wes
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy swe move pru
bel move pic
ber move pru
bla support sev
boh move sil
bre support wes move mid
bur move par
gal move war
gas move spa/nc
ion move tys
kie support ruh
mid move spa/sc
mar move gas
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nat move iri
nrg move nat
nwy move nth
par move bre
pic support bur move par
pie move mar
ruh support bel
sev move mos
sil move pru
spa/sc move por
stp hold
swe move pru via convoy
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr support gal move war
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove lvn
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy swe move lvn
bel support nth move eng
ber move pru
bla move con
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud move gal
bur move par
gas move spa/nc
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie support ruh
mid move wes
mar move gas
mos move lvn
mun hold
nat support iri move mid
nth move eng
par hold
pic support bur move par
pie move mar
por support gas move spa
ruh support bel
sev move mos
sil move pru
stp support swe move lvn
swe move lvn via convoy
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support sev move mos
wes move naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
bel move pic
ber move pru
boh support mun
bre support naf move mid
con move aeg
eng support iri move mid
gal support war
gas support bre
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie move ber
lvn support ber move pru
mid move wes
mar move bur
mos hold
mun support sil move ber
naf move mid
nat support iri move mid
par support bre
pic support bre
pie move mar
por support naf move mid
ruh move mun
sil move ber
spa/nc support naf move mid
stp support lvn
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr support mos
vie hold
war support mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
remove pru
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
bal support ber
bel support lon move pic
ber hold
boh move mun
bre move eng
bud move gal
bur support mun move ruh
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move ukr
gas support bur
ion hold
iri support eng
lon move pic via convoy
lvn hold
mid hold
mar support bur
mos hold
mun move ruh
nat move mid
nap move tys
par support pic
pic hold
por support mid
ruh move kie
sil support boh move mun
spa/nc support mid
stp support lvn
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ukr move sev
vie move boh
war support mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support ber
bel support lon move hol
ber support kie
boh move sil
bre support mid
bur move bel
eng support bel
gal support war
gas move bur
ion move tys
iri support eng
kie support lon move hol
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move stp
mid hold
mar support gas move bur
mos hold
mun support ruh
nat move mid
nth convoy lon move hol
par support pic
pic support bur move bel
por support mid
ruh support bur move bel
sev support mos
sil move pru
spa/nc support mid
stp move nwy
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr support war
war support sil move pru
wes move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie
bel move hol
ber move mun
bre support mid
bur move ruh
eng support nth move bel
gal move war
hol support nth move bel
ion hold
iri support eng
kie support ber move mun
mid hold
mar move bur
mos support war move lvn
mun support ruh move kie
naf support mid
nat move mid
nth move bel
nwy support stp
par support bre
pic support bel
por support mid
pru support war move lvn
rom move tys
ruh move kie
sev move ukr
sil move ber
spa/nc move gas
stp hold
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr move gal
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie
bel support eng
ber move mun
bre move eng
bur move bel
eng support bel
gal move war
gas move bre
hol support bel
ion move tys
iri support eng
kie support ber move mun
lvn support mos move stp
mid support bre move eng
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move kie
naf support mid
nat move mid
nwy support stp
par support pic
pic support bur move bel
por move spa/nc
pru move ber
ruh support bur move bel
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc move por
stp hold
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ukr move mos
war move pru
wes support mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
mun move boh
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ven
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support mun move ber
bel support bur move ruh
ber hold
boh support ruh move mun
bre move pic
bur move ruh
eng hold
gas move bre
hol support kie
iri support eng
kie support mun move ber
lvn support mos move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid support gas move bre
mos move stp
mun move ber
naf support mid
nat move mid
nth support hol
nwy support stp
par support bre move pic
pic move bur
por move spa/nc
pru support ber
ruh move mun
sil support ruh move mun
spa/sc move por
stp hold
tyr support ruh move mun
tys hold
ukr move mos
ven move pie
war support lvn
wes support mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
England: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie
bel move hol
ber move mun
boh support mun
bre support mid move eng
bur support bel
eng hold
hol move ruh
iri support eng
kie support ber move mun
lvn support mos move stp
gol hold
mid move eng
mos move stp
mun support sil move ber
naf support wes move mid
nat move mid
nth support eng
nwy support stp
par support bre
pic support mid move eng
pie hold
por move spa/nc
pru support sil move ber
ruh move kie
sil move ber
spa/sc move mar
stp hold
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr move mos
war support pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army vie
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie
bel move hol
ber support ruh move kie
boh move sil
bre support mid move eng
bud move gal
bur move ruh
eng support nat move mid
hol support kie
iri support eng
kie support hol
lvn support mos move stp
gol hold
mid hold
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support ruh move kie
naf support mid
nat move mid
nth support eng
nwy support stp
par support pic
pic support mid move eng
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh move kie
spa/nc move gas
stp hold
tyr support mun
tys hold
ukr move mos
vie move boh
war support pru
wes support mid
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support hol move kie
bel move hol
ber support kie
boh hold
bre move pic
den support hol move kie
eng support nth move bel
gal move war
gas move bre
hol move kie
iri support eng
kie hold
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid support gas move bre
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun support kie
naf support mid
nat move mid
nth move bel
nwy support stp
par support bre
pic move bel
pru support ber
ruh support bel move hol
sil support ber
spa/sc move por
stp hold
tyr move pie
tys hold
ukr support mos
war move lvn
wes support mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ven
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support den move kie
bel move pic
ber support kie
boh support mun
bre move pic
bur support pic move bel
den move kie
eng support bel move pic
gal support war
gas move bre
hol support pic move bel
iri support eng
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
mid support gas move bre
mos move stp
mun support kie
naf support mid
nat move mid
nwy support stp
par support gas move bre
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move spa/nc
pru support ber
ruh support pic move bel
sil support ber
spa/sc move por
stp hold
tys move gol
ukr move mos
ven move pie
war support lvn
wes support mid
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move den
bel support mid move eng
ber support kie
boh hold
bre support mid move eng
bur support bel
den move swe
eng move mid
gal move ukr
hol support bel
iri support eng move mid
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
gol hold
mid move eng
mar hold
mos move stp
mun support kie
naf support spa/sc move mid
nat support eng move mid
nth support bal move den
nwy support stp
par support bre
pic support mid move eng
pie move ven
por move spa/nc
pru support ber
ruh support bel
sil support pru
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
ukr move mos
war support lvn
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move lon
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
remove swe
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support mid move eng
ber support kie
boh hold
bre support mid move eng
bur hold
den support nth
eng move wal
gal hold
hol hold
iri support lon move eng
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn support mos move stp
gol move wes
mid move eng
mar hold
mos move stp
mun support kie
naf support wes move mid
nat support iri
nth support lon move eng
nwy support stp
par hold
pic support mid move eng
pru support ber
rom move tys
ruh support hol
sil support ber
spa/nc move gas
stp hold
ukr move mos
ven hold
war support lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
ber support kie
boh move gal
bre support mid move eng
bur move bel
den support nth
eng move lon
gal move ukr
gas hold
hol support kie
iri move wal
kie move den
lon support iri move wal
lvn support mos move stp
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move boh
naf support wes move mid
nat move lvp
nth support lon
nwy support stp
pic support mid move eng
pru hold
ruh move mun
sil support ber
stp hold
tys move gol
ukr move sev
ven hold
wal support eng move lon
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
ber hold
boh hold
bre support eng
bur move bel
den support nth
eng support mid move iri
gal hold
iri move wal
kie move den
lon support iri move wal
lvn hold
lvp support iri move wal
gol move spa/sc
mid move iri
mos hold
mun hold
naf support wes move mid
nth support lon
nwy support stp
pic support eng
pru hold
sev hold
sil hold
stp hold
ukr hold
wal support mid move iri
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber hold
boh hold
bre move pic
den support nth
gal hold
gas move bre
hol move ruh
iri support eng
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn hold
lvp move nat
mid support eng
mos hold
mun hold
naf hold
nth hold
nwy support stp
pic move bel
pru hold
sev hold
sil hold
spa/sc move por
stp hold
ukr hold
wal move iri
war hold
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move nth
ber hold
boh hold
bre support eng
bur move bel
den hold
eng move lon
gal hold
hol support bel move nth
iri support mid move nat
kie move den
lon support nth move eng
lvn hold
mid move nat
mar move bur
mos hold
mun hold
naf move mid
nat move lvp
nth move eng
nwy support stp
par support pic
pic support eng
por move spa/nc
pru hold
ruh support hol
sev hold
sil hold
stp hold
tri move adr
ukr hold
wal move lvp
war hold
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
England: fleet/dislodged nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
nat move nrg
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber hold
boh hold
bre support pic move eng
bur move pic
den support lon move nth
eng move iri
gal hold
hol support nth
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon move nth
lvn hold
mid support pic move eng
mos hold
mun hold
nat support iri move lvp
nth support kie move den
nrg move edi
nwy support stp
pic move eng
pru hold
sev hold
sil hold
spa/nc move gas
stp hold
ukr hold
wal support eng move iri
war hold
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove iri
build Fleet rom
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber hold
boh hold
bre move eng
den support edi move nth
edi move nth
eng move lon
gal hold
gas move mid
hol move hel
ion move tys
kie move den
lon support edi move nth
lvn hold
lvp move wal
mid move iri
mos hold
mun hold
nat move cly
nth support eng move lon
nwy support stp
par move bre
pru hold
rom move tys
ruh move hol
sev hold
sil hold
stp hold
tri move adr
ukr hold
wal support lon
war hold
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
ber hold
boh hold
bre support eng
cly support nth move edi
den move nth
edi support den move nth
eng move lon
gal hold
hel support kie move den
ion hold
iri move wal
kie move den
lon support den move nth
lvn hold
lvp support iri move wal
mid support eng
mos hold
mun hold
nth move edi
nwy support stp
par hold
pru hold
rom move tys
sev hold
sil hold
stp support nwy
ukr hold
wal move eng
war hold
PHASE 1918 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Italy: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
edi move yor
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove yor
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel move hol
ber hold
boh hold
cly move nrg
eng move lon
gal hold
hel move nth
hol move kie
ion move tys
lon move nth
lvn hold
lvp move nat
mid move eng
mos hold
mun hold
nth move ska
nwy support stp
par move pic
pic move bel
pru hold
rom move ven
sev hold
sil hold
stp hold
tys move wes
ukr hold
ven move tyr
wal support eng move lon
war hold
PHASE 1919 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Austria: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Austria: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
lon move yor
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Austria: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Austria: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber hold
boh hold
bre move eng
den move kie
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gal hold
hel move den
ion hold
kie move ruh
lon support eng move nth
lvn hold
mos hold
mun hold
nat move nrg
nap move tys
nrg move bar
nwy support stp
sev hold
sil hold
ska move swe
stp hold
tys move wes
ukr hold
ven move pie
wal support lon
war hold
wes move mid
yor move nth
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Austria: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
remove yor
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Austria: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support mos move stp
ber hold
boh hold
den move ska
gal hold
ion move tys
kie move den
lvn support mos move stp
mid move nat
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move tys
nth support den move ska
nwy support stp
pie move mar
pru hold
sev move mos
sil hold
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tys move wes
ukr hold
wal move lvp
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1920 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support nth move nwy
ber hold
boh hold
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
fin support nwy move stp
gal hold
ion move tys
lon support eng move nth
lvn support stp
lvp hold
mid move iri
mos support stp
mun hold
nat move cly
nap move tys
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move stp
pru hold
sil hold
ska support nth move nwy
stp hold
swe move den
ukr hold
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1920 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove fin
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1921 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
