PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bot move swe
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
gal support ukr move rum
hol move bel
ion move aeg
kie move den
lon move eng
mun hold
nth move nwy
sev support ukr move rum
spa hold
tri move adr
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bel hold
ber move kie
bul support gre move ser
bur hold
con move aeg
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bre
gal support rum move bud
gre move ser
kie move hol
lon move bre via convoy
nwy support edi move nth
pic support eng move bel
rum move bud
sev move rum
smy support con move aeg
spa move por
stp/nc move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move nth
bre move par
bud hold
bul move ser
bur move par
con move bul
eng move bre
gal support bud
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie move ruh
mar move gas
mun support kie move ruh
nth support nwy
nwy hold
pic hold
rum move bla
ser move alb
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move ser
tyr move pie
vie hold
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
alb support bul move ser
bel hold
bla support sev move rum
bre hold
bud support gal
bul move ser
bur move par
con move bul
den hold
eng support bre
gal support bud
gas support pic move bre
gre move ion
hol support bel
kie move hel
lvp move iri
mos move ukr
mun support ruh move bur
nap move ion
nth support eng
nwy hold
pic move bre
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh move bur
sev move rum
swe hold
tun support nap move ion
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb move tri
bel move pic
bla move ank
bre hold
bud support rum
bur support bel move pic
den move hol via convoy
eng support bre
gal support bud
gas move bre
gre move alb
hel hold
hol move bel
iri move mid
mar hold
mun support bur
nap move ion
nth support eng
nwy support swe
par support gas move bre
pic support gas move bre
por move spa
rum support bud
ser support alb move tri
swe support nwy
tri support bud move ser
tun support nap move ion
tys support nap move ion
ukr support rum
vie support tri
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move pic
bre hold
bud support tri move ser
bur move par
eng support bre
gal support bud
gas move mar
hel convoy den move hol
ion move alb
mid move por
mar hold
nap move apu
nth hold
nwy hold
pic move bel
rum move bul
sev move bla
spa support gas move mar
swe hold
tri move ser
tun move wes
tys move gol
ukr move sev
vie hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move adr
bel move bur
bla support rum move bul
bre move pic
bud support ukr move rum
bur move gas
con support rum move bul
den move hol via convoy
eng support nth move bel
gal support bud
hel convoy den move hol
ion move gre
gol support pie move mar
mun support bel move bur
nth move bel
nwy hold
par move bre
pic move bel
pie move mar
por hold
rum move bul
ser support ion move gre
sev move arm
swe hold
ukr move rum
vie hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
remove mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg hold
arm support con move smy
bel support lon move nth
bla move con
bre support par
bud hold
bul support bla move con
bur support pic move bel
con move smy
edi move nth
eng support bel
gal move boh
gas move bre
gre hold
hel move nth
hol support pic move bel
lon support edi move nth
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
nap move tys
nwy move ska
pic move bel
por hold
rum support bul
ser support gre
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
arm move ank
bel hold
boh move mun
bre hold
bud hold
bul hold
bur move par
con support bul
den move kie
eng support nth move bel
gas support bur move par
gre hold
hel support ska move nth
hol support bel
lon move nth
mid move por
mar hold
nth move bel
nwy support lon move nth
por move mid
rum support bud
ser support gre
sil move ber
ska move den
smy hold
spa/sc support mid move por
tri support vie
tys move ion
vie support tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove hel
remove hol
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move con
bel move eng
ber move kie
bre hold
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
con move aeg
den support kie move hel
eng move bel
gas move bre
gre move bul/sc
ion move eas
kie move hel
lon move eng
mar move gas
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth support eng move bel
nwy move nrg
par support gas move bre
por move spa/nc
rum support bud move ser
ser move rum
sev move bla
smy support con move aeg
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move nwy
tri move bud
ven move tyr
vie support tri move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
England: army/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
bre move pic
ser move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy
alb support gre
bel hold
bla hold
bre hold
bud hold
bul support ser
con move ank
den support nwy move nth
eas support ion move aeg
eng move iri
gal support rum move bud
gas support mid move bre
gre support ion move aeg
hel move hol
ion move aeg
kie support hel move hol
mid move bre
mun move tyr
nth hold
nrg move edi
nwy move nth
par support bre
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
smy support aeg
spa/nc move mid
tri support bud
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie support bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet/dislodged aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
nth move eng
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
