PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
par move gas
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move smy
bot move swe
bud move vie
con move aeg
edi move yor
eng move lon
gal move vie
gas move spa
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
nth move lon
nrg move nwy
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
spa move por
ukr move sev
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bel move pic
ber move mun
bud support vie
con move aeg
den hold
gal move rum
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon support nth move eng
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth move eng
nwy move nth
por move spa
rum move bla
ser support gre
sev move arm
spa move mar
swe hold
tri move alb
vie support bud
war hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
eng move wal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move ser
arm move ank
bel support pic
bla support arm move ank
bud support alb move ser
bul support aeg move con
bur move par
den hold
eas move smy
eng move mid
gre support ser move bul
hol support bel
lon support nth move eng
gol move tys
mar move bur
mun move bur
nth move eng
par move pic
pic support bur move par
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move ank
spa move gas
vie move tyr
yor move lvp
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
par move bre
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove con
build Army kie
build Army sev
build Army tri
remove wal
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support sev move con
arm move smy
bel support pic
bla convoy sev move con
bre support gas move par
den hold
eng move mid
gas move par
gre move ion
hol hold
kie move ruh
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid move por
mar move bur
mun move bur
par support mun move bur
pic support par
rum hold
ser support bul
sev move con via convoy
swe move den
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move tun
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
arm move bul via convoy
bel support pic
bla convoy arm move bul
bre support gas move par
bud support ser
con support ank move smy
den move swe
eng convoy wal move bre
gas move par
hol move kie
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mun move ber
par support wal move bre
pic support par
por support mid move spa
ruh move mun
rum support arm move bul
ser support bul
sil move ber
swe move den
tri move ven
ven move apu
wal move bre via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove gas
build Army lon
build Army sev
build Army tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ven move rom
arm move bul via convoy
bel move hol
bla convoy arm move bul
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con support arm move bul
den hold
edi move nth
eng convoy wal move bre
ion move aeg
kie move ber
mar move spa
mun support ruh move bur
par support ruh move bur
pic support wal move bre
por move spa/sc
ruh move bur
rum move ser
ser support bul
sev move rum
sil move boh
spa/sc move gol
swe hold
tri move vie
ven move rom
wal move bre via convoy
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
bul move gre
rom move tus
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
apu move ven
ber hold
bla support con move bul
boh move vie
bre move par
bud support vie
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
den hold
eng convoy lon move bel
gal support boh move vie
gas move spa
gre support ser
hol support pic move bel
lon move bel via convoy
gol support por move spa
mun move boh
nap support tus move rom
nth support lon move bel
par move gas
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud
sev support rum
smy hold
swe move nwy
tus move rom
vie support bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Austria: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gas
build Army mos
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
ber move kie
bla support bul
boh move tyr
bre support eng move pic
bud support vie
bul hold
bur support mar
con support bul
den hold
eng move pic
gal move boh
gre support ser
hol support pic move bel
lon move bel via convoy
gol support spa/sc move mar
mar hold
mos move war
mun support boh move tyr
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy hold
par move bre
pic move bel
rom move ven
rum support war move gal
ser support bud
sev support rum
spa/sc move mar
ven move tyr
vie support bud
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
apu support rom move ven
bel hold
bla support bul
boh support tyr move mun
bre move gas
bud support vie
bul support sev move rum
bur support mar
con support bul
den hold
gal move sil
gre support ser
hol support bel
kie move hel
gol support spa/sc move mar
mun hold
nth move eng
nwy move nth
par move bre
pic move bre
rom move ven
rum move gal
ser support bud
sev move rum
spa/sc move mar
tyr move mun
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ber
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove ber
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ion
bel move pic
bla convoy con move sev
boh move mun
bud support ser
bul support rum
bur support bel move pic
con move sev via convoy
den move edi via convoy
eng convoy lon move bre
gal support rum
gas move bur
gre support ser
hel move nth
hol move bel
lon move bre via convoy
gol support spa/sc move mar
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nth convoy den move edi
par support bel move pic
pic support lon move bre
pru move ber
rum support bul
ser support bud
sil support pru move ber
smy move con
spa/sc move mar
stp/sc move bot
tri support vie
ven hold
vie support bud
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: army/dislodged mar
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hel move nth
ber move kie
bla support rum
bot move bal
bre support gas move par
bud support ser
bul support rum
bur support pie move mar
con support bul
edi move lvp
eng support bre
gal support rum
gas move par
gre support ser
hel move nth
ion move tun
gol support mar
mar hold
mun support ber move kie
nth move den
par move gas
pic move bre
pie move tus
ruh move hol
rum support gal
ser support bud
sev move ukr
sil move ber
tri support ven
tys support ion move tun
ven hold
vie support bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tun move wes
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army edi
build Army mos
remove par
remove pic
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move den
bel move nth
ber move kie
bla move con
bre move pic
bul support rum
con move ank
den move ska
eng move iri
gal move boh
gas move par
gre support ser
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lvp support nth move edi
gol move wes
mos move sev
mun support gal move boh
nth move edi
rom move tus
rum support bul
ser support bud
sev move bla
stp move lvn
tri support bud
tun move wes
tys support tun move wes
ukr support war move gal
ven hold
vie support bud
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army/dislodged edi
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
edi move yor
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel hold
bla move con
boh move vie
bud move rum
bul move ser
con move aeg
den move nth
edi hold
gal move bud
gre support ser move bul
iri support yor move lvp
kie move hol
lvn move pru
lvp hold
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mun move bur
nth move lon
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
ruh support mun move bur
rum support gal move bud
ser move bul
sev support rum
ska move nwy
tri support vie
tus move pie
tys move gol
ukr move gal
ven support tus move pie
vie support bud
wes support tys move gol
yor move lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
Germany: army/dislodged lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move ser
lvp move wal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet stp/sc
remove wal
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support rum move bul
boh support gal move vie
bud move ser
bul support gre
con support rum move bul
edi move cly
gal move vie
gre support bul
iri move wal
lon move wal
lvp support iri move wal
gol support pie move mar
mar support spa/sc
mun move tyr
nth support nwy move nrg
nwy move nrg
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
pie move mar
rum move bul
ser move bud
sev move rum
spa/sc support mar
stp/sc move bot
tri support vie
ven move tri
vie support ser move bud
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
boh move vie
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move mar
cly move edi
con move bul/sc
gal move bud
gre support ser
lon move wal
lvp support nrg move edi
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
rum support bud move ser
ser support gre
spa/sc move por
tri support ser
tyr support vie move tri
ven move tri
vie move tri
wal support nth move lon
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre disband
ser move alb
tri disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
