PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nap move tun
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
pie move ven
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
spa move mar
stp move fin
tri move bud
ukr support sev move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet sev
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel hold
ber move pru
bla move sev
bot move stp/sc
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur support par move bel
con move bul
den move nth
fin move swe
gre support ser move bul
hol move ruh
ion move tys
kie move hel
lon move eng
mar move gol
mun move sil
nth move ska
nrg move nth
nwy support fin move swe
par move pic
por move spa/sc
rom move tus
rum support sev move bla
ser move bul
sev move bla
spa move mar
tri move alb
ukr support rum
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move bul
bel support ruh move bur
bla convoy arm move bul
bul hold
bur move mun
con support arm move bul
den support hel move nth
eng support nrg move nth
gre move aeg
hel move nth
gol move wes
mar move gas
nrg move nth
nwy hold
pic move bur
pru move ber
ruh move bur
rum support arm move bul
ser support bul
sev support rum
sil move mun
ska support nrg move nth
spa/sc support gol move wes
stp/sc move lvn
swe hold
tri support ser
tun hold
tus move gol
tys support tus move gol
ukr move gal
ven move pie
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla move con
bud move rum
bur support pie move mar
con move ank
den move nth
eng support nth
gal move war
gas move bur
gre move bul
hel support den move nth
lvn move bot
gol move spa/sc
mar move gol
nth support ska move nwy
nwy move fin
pic move par
pie move mar
rum move bla
ser support gre move bul
sev support rum move bla
sil hold
ska move nwy
smy support bla move con
spa/sc support mar move gol
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tun hold
tys move wes
wes support mar move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tus
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank support con
bla move con
bot move stp/sc
bul support bla move con
bur move par
den hold
eng support nth
fin move nwy
gas support par
hel move hol
kie support den
gol move mar
mar move pie
nth support fin move nwy
nwy support bot move stp/sc
par hold
pic move bel
rum move bud
ser support bul
sev move arm
sil move ber
ska support fin move nwy
smy support con
spa/sc support gol move mar
swe support nwy
tun hold
tus move tys
tys move ion
ven move rom
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
remove tun
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
arm move ank
bel move pic
ber move mun
bla support arm move ank
bud move tri
bul move con
bur move gas
con move bla
den hold
eng support nth
gas move bur
hol move bel
kie support den
lvn move stp
mid move nat
mar hold
nth convoy nwy move edi
nrg move cly
nwy move edi
par support gas move bur
pie move tus
rom move nap
ser move bul
ska move nwy
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
vie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move ruh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support con move bul/sc
ank move con
arm support bla move ank
bel move pic
bla move ank
bot support swe
bul move con
bur move pic
cly support nat move lvp
con move bul/sc
den hold
edi move lvp
eng move bre
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move bre
mar move gol
mun support ruh move bur
nat move lvp
nap move rom
nth support ska move nwy
par support bur move pic
pic move bre
rom move nap
ruh move bur
ser move gre
ska move nwy
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ven
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys support rom move nap
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army/dislodged nap
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move rum
nap move apu
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove eng
build Army mar
remove rom
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support bul/sc move gre
ank move con
apu move rom
arm move bla
bel move eng
ber move bal
bot move swe
bul/sc move gre
bur move gas
cly move nrg
con move ank
den support ber move bal
edi hold
gre move bul
hol move bel
gol move wes
mid move eng
mar support par move bur
mun move sil
nap support tys move ion
nth support ska move den
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move tyr
rum support gre move bul
ska move den
stp support swe move fin
swe move fin
tri move alb
tun move tys
tys move ion
ven support apu move rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move hel
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support bul/sc move gre
alb support gre
ank support bla move con
bal support hel move den
bel move nth
bla move con
bul/sc move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
den hold
edi hold
fin support nrg move nwy
gas move bre
gre support rum move bul
hel move den
hol move bel
ion move alb
lvp move wal
mid move bre
mar move bur
nap move tys
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
rom move nap
rum move bul
sil move war
stp move lvn
swe support nrg move nwy
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ven move apu
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move smy
den move kie
gre move ser
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove nap
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support gre move bul/sc
alb support adr move ion
ank support con
apu support rom move nap
bal move ber
bel move eng
bur move mun
con support rum move bul
den support hol move kie
edi move lvp
fin move stp
gas move par
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move hol
lvn move mos
mid move spa/sc
nth support kie move hol
nwy move ska
pic support ruh move bel
rom move nap
ruh move bel
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
smy move con
swe hold
tri move tyr
tys move tun
wal move eng
war move mos
wes support ion move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul/sc
alb support ion move gre
ank move con
apu move ven
bel support nth move hol
ber support den move kie
con move aeg
den move kie
gre move bul/sc
hol support den move kie
ion move gre
kie support nth move hol
lvn support stp move mos
lvp hold
mun support kie
nap hold
nth move hol
par move bre
pic move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
ska support swe move den
smy move con
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
swe move den
tun hold
tyr move mun
tys move tun
wal move lon
war move mos
wes support tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move ruh
kie move hel
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove kie
build Army par
build Army sev
remove smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move ion
ank move bla
bel move ruh
ber support ruh move kie
bre move gas
bul support gre
bur support mun
con move aeg
den support ska move nth
gre support alb move ion
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
lon move eng
lvn move war
lvp move yor
gol move tus
mos hold
mun support bel move ruh
nap move rom
par hold
ruh move kie
rum support bul
sev move arm
ska move nth
stp/nc move nwy
tri move adr
tun support wes move tys
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
tys move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support arm move smy
arm move smy
ber support kie
bla move con
boh support sil move mun
bul support rum
bur support mun
den support ska move nth
eng move bre
gas move spa
gre support adr move ion
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie support sil move mun
gol support pie move mar
mos move lvn
mun support hol move kie
nwy move nrg
par support eng move bre
pie move mar
rom support ion move nap
ruh support mun
rum support bul
sil move mun
ska move nth
smy move con
tun move ion
tus support tys move rom
tyr support sil move mun
tys move rom
war support mos move lvn
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rom move apu
smy disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bre
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
remove sil
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
apu move rom
ber move bal
bla support smy move con
boh support kie move mun
bul support rum
bur support par move gas
edi support hel move nth
gre move ion
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion move tys
kie move mun
lvn move pru
gol support ion move tys
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun hold
nap support apu move rom
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
par move gas
rom move tys
ruh support mun
rum support bul
smy move con
spa move gas
stp/nc move nwy
tun support tus move tys
tus support rom move tys
tyr support kie move mun
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi move cly
mun move ber
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move kie
ber move kie
bla convoy con move sev
boh support mun
bul support rum
bur support ruh
cly move edi
con move sev
den move swe
eas support gre move ion
edi hold
gre support ion
hol move kie
ion support nap move tys
lon move yor
lvn move stp
gol move mar
mar move gas
mun support bal move kie
nap move tys
nth support cly move edi
nrg support edi
nwy move swe
par support bur
pru support war move sil
rom hold
ruh support ber move kie
rum support bul
spa move por
tun move ion
tus move tys
tyr support mun
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove ber
remove hol
build Army kie
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
bla move con
boh support mun
bul support rum
bur support ruh
cly support nth move edi
den move nth
eas support gre move ion
edi support den move nth
gas move mar
gre move ion
ion move tys
kie move ber
mar move gol
mun support kie move ber
nap support ion move tys
nth move edi
nrg support edi
nwy move swe
par support bur
por move spa
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support bur
rum support bul
sev move ukr
sil support pru move ber
stp move lvn
tri move tyr
tun support tus move tys
tus move tys
tyr move pie
war move pru
yor support nth move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move den
ber support mun
boh support mun
bul move gre
bur support par
cly support edi
con hold
eas support gre move ion
edi support cly
gre support ion
ion support nap move tys
lvn support war move pru
gol support nap move tys
mar support spa move gas
mun support ber
nap move tys
nth move hol
nrg move nat
par support bur
pie support rom move tus
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh move hol
rum move bul
sil support pru move ber
spa move gas
swe move bal
tun move wes
tus move tys
tyr support mun
ukr move mos
war move pru
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
remove mos
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru move ber
ber move sil
boh support mun
bul hold
bur move par
cly move nrg
con hold
den move swe
eas move ion
edi move nth
gas move bre
gre move ion
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon hold
lvn move stp
lvp move nat
gol convoy tus move spa
mar support tus move spa
mun support ber move sil
nat move mid
nth move den
par move bre
pie support mar
pru move ber
ruh move bel
rum move bud
sil support pru move ber
tus move spa
tyr support mun
tys move wes
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move war
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move swe
bel hold
ber support war move sil
boh support bud move gal
bud move gal
bul hold
bur move par
con hold
den support bal move swe
eas move ion
gas move bre
gre support tys move ion
hol support mun move kie
lon move nwy
lvp move nat
gol move wes
mar support spa
mun move kie
nat move mid
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg support lon move nwy
par move bre
pie move tyr
pru support ber
sil move ber
spa support mar
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tun support gol move wes
tyr move tri
tys move ion
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
sil move mun
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move kie
boh support vie move gal
bud move rum
bul move con
bur move par
con hold
den support ber move kie
eas hold
fin support stp/nc move nwy
gal move ukr
gas move bur
gre move aeg
hol support kie
ion support gre move aeg
kie support mun
lvp support nwy move cly
mar support gas move bur
mun support kie
nat move nrg
nth hold
nrg convoy nwy move cly
nwy move cly
par move bre
pru move ber
sil support pru move ber
spa support mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move bud
tun move naf
tyr support boh
vie move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel hold
ber move kie
boh move mun
bre support par
bud move rum
bul support aeg move con
bur move bel
cly hold
con hold
den support ber move kie
eas move smy
fin move stp
gal move ukr
hol support bur move bel
ion move eas
kie support mun move ber
lvp hold
mid move por
mar move bur
mun move ber
naf move mid
nth support nrg
nrg support nth
nwy hold
par support bre
pru move war
rum move sev
sil move ber
spa move gas
swe support nwy
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
England: army cly
Austria: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel disband
con move bla
kie disband
mun disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
England: army cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
