PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move rom
bla move con
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul hold
bur move mun
con move ank
edi move nwy
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
mun move bur
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
pie hold
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
stp move nwy
ukr move sev
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber hold
bud move ser
bul move con
bur move mar
den move swe
edi move nwy
eng support hol move bel
gre move aeg
hol move bel
kie move ruh
mid move bre
mos move lvn
mun move bur
nap move tys
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bre
pie move mar
rom move ven
rum move bla
sev move arm
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tun move wes
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank hold
arm support bla move ank
bel hold
ber hold
bla move ank
bul move rum
bur move bel
con support ank
den move swe
edi move nwy
eng move nth
lvn move pru
mid move por
mun support ruh
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic support bur move bel
pie move mar
ruh support bel
smy hold
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move alb
tys move gol
vie move gal
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove sil
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move smy
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move pru
bla support arm move sev
bul/sc hold
bur move gas
con move bla
den move swe
edi move nwy
gal move ukr
kie move bal
gol move mar
mar move gas
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
pic move bur
por move mid
pru move war
rom move ven
ruh support mun move bur
ser support bul/sc
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move arm
bal support den move swe
bel move hol
bul/sc hold
bur move bel
con move ank
den move swe
gre move aeg
ion move eas
gol move wes
mar move gas
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move fin
par move gas
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move spa/nc
pru move war
ruh support bur move bel
rum hold
ser support rum
smy move con
spa/sc move por
tri hold
ukr support pru move war
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
alb move ion
ank move bla
arm move sev
bal move den
bar support fin move stp
bel hold
ber move kie
bul/sc move con
con support ank move bla
eas move smy
fin move stp
hol move nth
kie move hel
lon move eng
mar move gas
pie move mar
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser support rum
spa/sc support wes move mid
swe move nwy
tri hold
ukr move mos
war support ukr move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank move con
arm move smy
bar move nrg
bel hold
con hold
den support nth
eng move bre
gas support mar move bur
hel support nth
hol move edi via convoy
ion move nap
kie move hol
mid support spa/sc move por
mar move bur
mos hold
nth convoy hol move edi
nwy support bar move nrg
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
por move spa/sc
rum hold
ser move bul
smy hold
spa/sc move por
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
ven hold
war support mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
build Army mun
build Army rom
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con
bel move pic
bre support par move gas
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move par
con hold
den support hel move nth
edi move lvp
eng support nrg move nth
gas support bur move par
hel move nth
hol move bel
mid move bre
mos hold
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth move edi
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
par move gas
por move spa/sc
rom support ven
rum move ukr
stp move lvn
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move pie
ven support mun move tyr
vie move boh
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
bel support hel move nth
boh move tyr
bre move par
con support aeg move smy
den move bal
edi move cly
eng move bre
gal move war
gas move mar
hel move nth
lvn move war
lvp move yor
mid move wes
mos support gal move war
nap move rom
nrg move edi
par support pic move bre
pic move par
pie support tri move ven
rum move sev
sev move arm
smy support ank move con
spa/sc move gol
swe hold
tri move ven
tyr move vie
ukr support rum move sev
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
remove bel
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal convoy swe move kie
bre move par
bud support tyr move vie
cly move nat
con hold
edi move cly
eng move mid
lon move eng
lvn move war
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move stp
nap support ven move rom
nth convoy yor move hol
par support eng move bre
pic move bur
pie move tus
pru move ber
rom move ven
sev move arm
smy support ank move con
swe move kie via convoy
tri hold
tus support mar move pie
tyr move vie
ukr move war
ven move rom
vie hold
war hold
wes move tys
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Austria: army/dislodged pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
pie move ven
rom move apu
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move ven
arm support con move ank
bal move swe
ber hold
bre move par
bud move gal
bur move ruh
cly move lvp
con move ank
eng move bre
gal support ukr move rum
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie move den
lvn move stp
gol move wes
mid move wes
nat move lvp
nap support rom
nth move edi
nwy support lvn move stp
par support bre
pie support apu move ven
rom hold
smy support ank move con
stp move mos
tri support ven
tus support apu move rom
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven hold
war support bud move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
gal move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove par
remove stp
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move rom
arm move sev
bel hold
ber hold
bre move gas
bud move rum
cly move edi
den move swe
edi support nat move nrg
eng move nth
gal move ukr
gol move tys
mid move por
nat move nrg
nap move apu
nwy support eng move nth
pie support tus
rom support nap move apu
ruh move mun
smy support ank move con
swe move bot
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus support apu move rom
tys move tus
ukr move war
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: fleet/dislodged con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
con move aeg
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move nap
bel move hol
ber move pru
bot move stp/sc
bud move rum
cly move edi
edi move nth
gal move war
gas move par
ion support smy move aeg
gol convoy tus move spa
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nth support cly move edi
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rom support apu move nap
rum move bul
sev hold
smy move aeg
swe support nrg move nwy
tri move ven
tus move spa via convoy
tyr support ven move pie
tys move tun
ukr move mos
ven move pie
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
edi move nrg
nwy move ska
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet lon
remove mar
build Fleet tri
remove tus
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
bot support nwy move stp
bul hold
edi support lon move nth
gal support war
gre support bul
hol move bel
ion move gre
lon move nth
gol move spa/sc
mos hold
nap hold
nth move hel
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru support ukr move war
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
ska move nwy
swe move den
tri support ven
tun hold
tyr move mun
ukr move war
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
ank move smy
bel move pic
bot move bal
bul hold
con move bul/sc
den move swe
edi move nrg
gal move boh
gre support con move bul
hel move den
gol move spa/sc
mar support por move spa
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move ion
nth support hel move den
nrg move nwy
por move spa/sc
pru move lvn
rom move tus
sev move arm
ska move swe
stp/nc hold
tri move adr
tun move tys
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
den disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
remove gre
build Fleet kie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move gre
ank support smy move arm
arm move ank
bal move den
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bul hold
con move bla
den support ska
edi move nth
ion move aeg
kie support bal move den
lvn move stp
mar hold
mos hold
mun support ber
nth move hol
nrg support edi move nth
nwy move ska
pic move bel
rum move sev
ska support den
smy move arm
stp/nc move bar
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys hold
ven move apu
war hold
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Austria: army/dislodged arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
den move swe
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move con
apu move ion
arm move sev
bar support nwy move nrg
bel move hol
ber move mun
bla support arm move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bul support aeg move con
den move nth
hol support nth
ion move aeg
kie support bel move hol
gol move mar
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nth support hol
nrg support ska move nwy
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
sev hold
ska move nwy
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp move nwy
swe support ska move nwy
tyr move mun
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet/dislodged nrg
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
nrg move edi
sev move rum
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove ber
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
remove ruh
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bar move nwy
boh move sil
bur support mun move ruh
con hold
den support kie move hel
edi move nrg
hel support nth move den
hol move bel
kie move hel
lon move nth
mun move ruh
nth move den
nrg move nat
nwy support lon move nth
rum hold
spa/sc move mid
stp support bar move nwy
swe support nwy
ukr move sev
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
bel support kie move hol
bud move rum
bul support con
bur move bel
con hold
den hold
gre move ion
hel support swe move den
ion move eas
kie move hol
lon move nth
mid move bre
mar move spa
mos move stp
nat move lvp
nth move hol
nrg move bar
nwy support nrg move bar
ruh support bur move bel
rum move sev
sil move ber
smy hold
stp move fin
swe move den
tri move tyr
tys move gol
ukr support rum move sev
vie move boh
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
den move bal
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
