PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move mun
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ber move kie
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
fin move swe
ion move tun
mid move spa/sc
mun move tyr
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
rum support ukr move sev
ser move tri
spa move por
tus move pie
ukr move sev
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army stp
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar convoy nwy move stp
bel move hol
bla support rum
bre move pic
bud support gal move rum
bul support rum
con support bul
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
fin support stp
gal move rum
gre support ser move bul
kie move hol
mar move pie
mun move bur
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp via convoy
par move bur
pie move mar
por move spa
rom move tys
rum support bul
ser move bul
sev support gal move rum
spa/sc move wes
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tyr support mar move pie
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
tyr move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar support nwy move stp
bel move ruh
bla support arm move sev
boh move mun
bud support rum
bul move rum
con move bul
edi move den via convoy
fin support stp
gre support ser move bul
kie move hol
mar support par move bur
mun move ruh
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move stp
par move bur
pic move bel
pie hold
por move spa
rum support sev
ser move bul
sev support rum
spa/sc move gol
tun move wes
tyr move tri
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven support pie
vie hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove fin
build Army kie
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
bla support con move bul
boh move mun
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move ruh
con move bul
den hold
edi move nrg
gre move aeg
hol support mun move ruh
kie move den
mos support stp
mun move ruh
nth support bel move hol
nwy move swe
pic move bur
pie hold
por move spa
rum move sev
sev move rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc move gol
swe support kie move den
tri move tyr
tys move gol
ven support pie
vie support tri move tyr
war move ukr
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move ser
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
bla support bul
boh move sil
bul support ukr move rum
bur support mar
den move kie
gal move war
gre move aeg
hol support den move kie
kie move hol
gol support pie move mar
mos support stp
mun move ruh
nth move ska
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
rum hold
ser move bul
sev support ukr move rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc hold
stp support mos
swe move den
tyr support vie move boh
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie move boh
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move mun
rum move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army edi
remove sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nwy
bel move ruh
bla move sev
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support rum move ser
bur support mar
con support bul
den support ruh move kie
edi move den via convoy
gre move aeg
hol support bel move ruh
kie move ber
gol support wes move spa
mar support por move spa
mos support war move ukr
mun support ruh move kie
nth convoy edi move den
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
ruh move kie
rum move ser
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
ska support edi move den
smy move aeg
spa/sc move gol
swe move fin
tyr support boh move mun
ven move tus
war move ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
den move swe
mun move sil
ser move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bla move rum
bud support tri move ser
bul move gre
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
den support ber move kie
fin move swe
gre move bul/sc
kie move ber
gol support spa/sc
mid move wes
mar support por move spa
mos move war
mun hold
nwy hold
pie move mar
por move spa
ruh move mun
ser move bud
sev support bla move rum
sil support kie move ber
ska support fin move swe
spa/sc hold
stp hold
swe move den
tri move ser
tus move pie
tyr support mun
ukr move rum
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
ser move alb
swe move bal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
remove sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support bul move gre
ber move sil
bud support ser move rum
bul move gre
bur support mar
con move bul
den move kie
gre move bul/sc
hol support den move kie
lon move eng
gol convoy tus move mar
mar support por move spa
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move tys
nth hold
nwy move stp/nc
pie support tus move mar
por move spa
pru move ber
ruh support bur
rum support sev
ser move rum
sev support rum
ska move den
smy move aeg
spa/sc support tus move mar
stp move lvn
swe move fin
tus move mar via convoy
tyr move tri
ukr support mos move sev
war move lvn
wes support por move spa
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move ion
rum move bla
sev move arm
spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support bul move ser
arm move bul via convoy
ber hold
bla convoy arm move bul
bud support rum
bul move ser
bur support ruh move mun
eng convoy hol move bre
gre support bul move ser
hol move bre via convoy
ion move gre
kie support ruh move mun
gol convoy tus move spa
mid move bre
mar support wes move spa
mun move bur
nwy move swe
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum support tri move ser
sev support rum
sil move boh
spa move por
tri move ser
tus move spa via convoy
tys move wes
ukr support sev
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
remove boh
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army nap
remove ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre move ser
ber move sil
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul support gre move ser
bur move gas
den move swe
eng move bre
fin hold
gre move ser
hol move ruh
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move ber
lvp move iri
gol support tys move wes
mar support por move spa
mos move lvn
mun move boh
nap move tun via convoy
nth support swe move nwy
pie move mar
por move spa
rum support bud move ser
sev move arm
swe move nwy
tri support bud move ser
tus move pie
tyr move vie
tys move wes
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move naf
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre move ser
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul move gre
gas move spa
gre move ser
ion move alb
iri support bre move mid
lvn support stp
gol convoy tus move mar
mid move por
mar support gas move spa
naf move wes
nth move nrg
nwy hold
pie support tus move mar
ruh move mun
rum support bud move ser
sil hold
spa move por
swe move bot
tri support bud move ser
tus move mar via convoy
vie move bud
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
mar move bur
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre move ser
arm move sev
boh support mun move tyr
bot support fin move stp
bud move vie
bul support gre move ser
bur move mar
fin move stp
gas support bur move mar
gre move ser
ion support tri move alb
iri move nat
lvn support war
gol support mar move spa
mid support naf move wes
mar move spa
mun move tyr
naf move wes
nat move mid
nrg support iri move nat
nwy support fin move stp
pie move mar
pru move war
rum move bul
ser move bul
sil support pru move war
spa support bur move mar
tri move alb
tun hold
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet/dislodged nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nat move cly
spa move por
stp move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb move gre
boh move tyr
bot support pru move lvn
bul support gre
cly move lvp
gas support por move spa
gre support bul
ion support alb move gre
lvn move stp
gol move mar
mid support naf move wes
mar support por move spa
mos support lvn move stp
naf move wes
nat move iri
nrg move cly
nwy move nth
pie move ven
por move spa
pru move lvn
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support mos
sil move war
spa support gol move mar
stp move mos
tun move naf
tyr move pie
vie move tri
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
stp move fin
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
remove mid
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bot support fin move stp
bul support aeg move gre
cly support iri move lvp
con support bul
fin move stp
gas move bur
gre move bul
ion move aeg
iri move lvp
lvn move war
lvp hold
gol support tys move wes
mar support pie
mos support war
naf move tun
nth move edi
par move bre
pie support tyr move ven
rom support ven
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sil support lvn move war
spa move por
stp move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move ven
tys move wes
ven hold
vie support tri move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
Italy: fleet/dislodged lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvp move wal
tyr move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
arm move smy
boh move tyr
bot move swe
bul move con
bur move mun
cly move lvp
edi move nth
gre move bul/sc
lvn move war
lvp move wal
gol support tun move spa
mar support pie
mos support sev
nwy move swe
pie support boh move tyr
por support spa/sc
rom move tus
rum move ser
ser move bud
sev support mos
sil support lvn move war
spa/sc move gol
stp move nwy
tun move spa via convoy
tyr move mun
ven move pie
vie hold
wal move lon
war support mos
wes convoy tun move spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move bla
spa/sc move mid
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bud
build Army edi
build Army tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con
bla move con
boh support bur move mun
bot move swe
bre move pic
bul/sc move gre
bur move mun
con hold
edi move yor
lon move eng
lvp move wal
gol support spa
mid support por move spa
mar support pie
nth support wal move lon
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
por move spa
pru move war
ser move gre
sev support mos
sil move ber
smy support bla move con
spa hold
stp support war move mos
tri move ser
tus support ven move pie
tyr support ven move pie
ven move pie
vie support tyr
wal move lon
war move mos
wes support spa
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ber move pru
bla move rum
boh support mun
bot move swe
bul/sc move gre
con move smy
eng move bre
lon support wal move eng
gol support pie move mar
mid support por move spa
mar support por move spa
mos support pru move war
mun support boh
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
pic move bur
pie move mar
por move spa
pru move war
ser move bul
sev move rum
spa hold
stp support war move mos
tri move bud
tus move pie
tyr support vie move boh
vie move boh
wal move eng
war move mos
wes support spa
yor move lvp
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
England: army/dislodged war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
smy move ank
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bre support wes move mid
bud move gal
bul move con
bur support mun
eng move pic
gas move bre
lon move eng
lvn move mos
lvp move yor
gol move wes
mid support gas move bre
mar move gas
mos support war
mun support bur
nth support lon move eng
nwy move stp
pie move mar
por move naf via convoy
pru move war
sev move arm
smy support sev move arm
spa support gol move gas
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tyr support vie move boh
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ion move gre
ank move con
arm move ank
boh move sil
bre move gas
bul move con
bur support mun
eng support mid move bre
fin move nwy
gal support war
gas support por move spa
ion move gre
lvn move mos
mid move bre
mar support bre move gas
mos move stp
mun support bur
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move swe
pic support mid move bre
pie hold
por move spa
pru move war
smy support arm move ank
spa support bre move gas
stp move fin
tyr move mun
ven move tus
war hold
wes move mid
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army/dislodged gas
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gas move par
gre disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove gol
build Army sev
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bre support par move gas
bul move ser
bur support mun
eng move iri
fin support mos move stp
gal support vie move boh
gas move bre
gre move aeg
lvn move pru
mid move por
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support bur
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move gas
pic move eng
pie move mar
por move spa
pru move ber
sev move mos
sil support tyr move mun
smy move con
spa support mid move por
stp move fin
swe support stp move fin
tri move tyr
tus move pie
tyr move mun
vie move boh
war move lvn
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet/dislodged gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gas move mid
mun move ruh
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move arm
ber support pru move sil
boh support mun
bre move mid
bur support ruh
con move smy
eng move iri
fin move stp
gal hold
gas support bur
gre move ion
iri move nat
lvn support mos move war
mid hold
mar hold
mos move war
mun support sil move ber
nth move eng
pie support mar
por support mid
pru move sil
ruh support bur
ser hold
sil move ber
spa move gas
tyr support mun
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: army/dislodged ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
remove swe
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
ber support mun move kie
boh move sil
bre support gas
bur support ruh move mun
con move bla
eng support nat move mid
fin move swe
gal move ukr
gas support bre
iri support nat move mid
kie support sil move ber
lvn move mos
mid support mar move gas
mar move gas
mun move kie
nat move mid
nwy hold
pie move mar
por hold
rom move tus
ruh move mun
ser move rum
sev hold
sil move ber
smy move arm
spa support mar move gas
tri move tyr
tus move ven
tyr move mun
vie move gal
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mid move wes
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
arm move sev
ber move mun
bla move con
boh move sil
bre support gas
bur support mun
eng support iri move mid
gal move war
gas support bur
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie move ber
mid move naf
mar move gas
mos support sev
mun support kie move ber
nwy hold
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
rum support arm move sev
sil move boh
spa support mar move gas
stp support mos
swe move den
tri move vie
tus move gol
tyr support ber move mun
ukr support gal move war
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Austria: army/dislodged ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
war move pru
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army par
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move sil
boh move sil
bre support gas
bur support mun
con move smy
den move kie
eng move mid
gas move mar
iri support eng move mid
lon move eng
mar move gas
mos support sev
naf move tun
par move pic
pie move mar
por move mid
rum support arm move sev
sil move gal
spa support mar move gas
stp support mos
tyr move mun
tys support wes move tun
ukr move mos
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support ukr move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Italy: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
gas move par
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
boh move mun
bre support par move gas
bur support mun
con move smy
eng move mid
gal move rum
gas hold
iri support eng move mid
kie move ber
gol support tys move wes
mid move wes
mar support gas
mos support stp
mun support ber move sil
naf hold
nwy hold
par move gas
pic support bur
por move mid
rum move bud
sev support ukr move mos
smy move con
spa support gas
stp support mos
tun support tys move wes
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ukr move mos
vie move bud
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army tri
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bre support par move gas
bud support vie move gal
bur support mun
gal support lvn move war
gas support mar move bur
lvn move war
gol move wes
mid support naf move wes
mar move bur
mos support war
mun support gal move boh
naf move wes
nwy move swe
par move gas
pic support bur
pie move mar
por move mid
rum move ukr
sev move ukr
sil move boh
smy move con
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tun support wes move naf
tyr move mun
vie move gal
war support mos
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move mun
bre support gas
bud move rum
bur support mun
con move smy
eng move mid
gal support war
gas hold
iri support eng move mid
lvn move mos
gol move wes
mid move wes
mar hold
mos support war
mun support sil move boh
naf support mid move wes
pic move tus via convoy
pie support mar
por move mid
pru support lvn move war
rum move ukr
sev support mos
sil support lvn move war
smy move con
spa support mar
stp support lvn move mos
tri move vie
tun support wes move naf
tyr support boh move mun
war support mos
wes move naf
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army ven
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
boh support gal move sil
bre support gas
bur support mun
con move smy
edi move nth
eng move mid
gal move sil
gas support mid move spa
iri move nat
lon move eng
lvn move war
gol convoy pie move spa
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa move gas
mos hold
mun support sil move boh
naf move mid
pic support bur
pie move spa via convoy
por support naf move mid
pru move war
rum move sev
sev move arm
sil move boh
smy move con
spa move gas
stp move mos
swe move den
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ukr support mos
ven move pie
vie support boh
war move pru
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: army/dislodged sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move ber
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move smy
ber support mun
boh support sil move mun
bre support nat move mid
bur support mun
con support arm move smy
eng move iri
gas move mar
lon move eng
lvn move mos
gol support por move spa
mid support gol move spa
mar hold
mos support war move lvn
mun support ber move sil
nat move mid
nth move nwy
pic move par
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
pru move sil
sev support mos
sil move mun
smy move ank
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp support lvn move mos
tyr support sil move mun
ukr move war
vie move gal
war move lvn
wes support por move spa
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move naf
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army rom
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
boh move mun
bre support gas
bud move gal
bur support mun
con move ank
den move swe
edi move nth
eng move iri
gal move sil
gas support mid move spa
iri support mid
lvn support mos move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos move stp
mun support ber move sil
naf move mid
nwy move stp/nc
par move pic
pie support mar
pru support ber move sil
rom move tus
sev move arm
sil move pru
smy support con move ank
spa/sc move por
tyr support boh move mun
war support sil move pru
wes hold
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp disband
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move sev
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bud move gal
bur support gas move mar
eng move iri
gal move war
gas move mar
iri move nat
lvn move mos
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mar hold
mun support ber
nth move den
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bre
pie support mar
por support gol move spa
pru move ber
smy move ank
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp move nwy
swe move fin
tyr move mun
war move lvn
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber support kie move mun
boh support mun
bud move gal
bur support gas
con move aeg
den move bal
eng move bre
fin move stp
gal move sil
gas support bur
iri support nat move mid
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvn support stp
mid move gas
mar support mid move gas
mos support stp
mun support gal move sil
nat move mid
nwy support fin move stp
pic move bel
pie hold
por move mid
pru move ber
sev move ukr
spa/sc move wes
stp hold
ven hold
vie move tyr
war support gal move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move naf
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move bot
bel move ruh
ber support kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre move gas
bur support gas move mar
eng support mid
fin move stp
gas move mar
iri support mid
kie support ber
lvn support pru
gol support pie move mar
mid hold
mar move spa
mos support stp
mun move ber
naf move mid
nwy support fin move stp
pie move mar
por support mar move spa
pru support mun move ber
sil support mun move ber
stp hold
tri hold
tus move pie
tyr move mun
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army vie
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
boh support mun
bot support fin move stp
bre move gas
bur support gas move mar
eng support mid
fin move stp
gas move mar
iri support mid
kie support ruh
lvn support stp
gol support pie move mar
mid hold
mos support stp
mun support ber move kie
naf move mid
nwy support fin move stp
pie move mar
por support naf move mid
pru support lvn
ruh support kie
sev support mos
sil support mun
spa support pie move mar
stp hold
tus move pie
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
boh support mun
bot support fin move stp
bre support mid
bur support gas
eng move nth
fin move stp
gas support bur
ion hold
iri support mid
kie support ruh
lvn support stp
gol support pie move mar
mid hold
mar move gas
mos support stp
mun support mar move bur
naf move mid
nwy support fin move stp
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
pru support lvn
ruh support kie
sil support ber
spa support mar move gas
stp hold
tri move tyr
vie hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bot support fin move stp
bre support mid
bur support gas
fin move stp
gas support bur
ion move tys
iri support mid
kie support ruh
lvn support stp
gol support pie move mar
mid hold
mar move gas
mos support stp
mun move bur
naf support wes move mid
nth move nrg
nwy support fin move stp
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
pru move ber
ruh support kie
sil support tyr move mun
spa support mar move gas
tyr move mun
vie move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1919 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gas move par
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh support mun
bot support fin move stp
bre support mid
bur support par
fin move stp
gas support mar move bur
kie support ruh
lvn support stp
gol move spa/sc
mid hold
mar move bur
mos support stp
mun support mar move bur
naf support wes move mid
nrg move bar
nwy support fin move stp
par support bur
por support wes move mid
pru move ber
ruh support bur
sil support mun
spa move mar
stp hold
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven move pie
vie move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1919 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support fin move stp
ber move kie
boh support mun
bot support fin move stp
bre move gas
fin move stp
gas support mar move bur
iri move mid
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun support mar move bur
naf support wes move mid
nat support iri move mid
nwy support fin move stp
par support bur
por support wes move mid
pru move ber
ruh support kie
sil support mun
spa move mar
wes move mid
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bar support stp
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bot support stp
bur move bel
eng move lon
gal move war
gas support mar move bur
iri move eng
kie support ruh
lvn move stp
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun move kie
naf move mid
nat move mid
nwy move nth
par support bre
pie move mar
ruh support kie
sil support tyr move mun
stp hold
tyr move mun
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1920 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ven
PHASE 1921 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bel support ruh
ber move kie
boh support mun
bot support stp
bur move par
eng move mid
gal move sil
gas support bur move par
kie support ruh
lon move yor
lvn support mos move stp
gol move tys
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
naf move mid
nat support eng move mid
nth hold
ruh support kie
sev move mos
sil move ber
stp hold
tyr support mun
ukr support sev move mos
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1921 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet yor
ORDERS
par move pic
PHASE 1921 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel support pic
ber move kie
boh support mun
bot support stp
gas move bre
iri move lvp
kie support ruh
lvn support mos move stp
mid support nat move iri
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
naf move mid
nat move iri
nth move yor
nrg move edi
par support gas move bre
pic move bur
ruh support pic move bur
sev move mos
sil move ber
spa move mar
stp hold
tri hold
tyr support mun
yor move edi
PHASE 1921 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army/dislodged bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Austria: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet yor
ORDERS
bre move eng
bur move gas
kie move hol
PHASE 1921 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove bur
build Fleet nap
remove nrg
build Army rom
remove ruh
build Army vie
PHASE 1922 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh move mun
bot support stp
bud move gal
eng move lon
gal move war
iri move lvp
kie move den
lvn move stp
mid move nat
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ruh
nth move edi
par move pic
pru move ber
stp hold
tri hold
tyr hold
vie move boh
war move sil
yor move edi
PHASE 1922 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
bot move swe
bur support pic move bel
den move swe
gal move sil
hol move bel
iri support nat move lvp
kie move den
lon hold
lvn move stp
lvp hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber move kie
naf move mid
nat move lvp
nth move edi
pic move bel
ruh move hol
sev move ukr
sil move ber
stp hold
tri hold
tyr hold
ukr move war
war move pru
yor move edi
PHASE 1922 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
Austria: fleet/dislodged lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet yor
ORDERS
lvp move wal
stp move nwy
PHASE 1922 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet yor
ORDERS
