PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap move ion
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bot move swe
bre hold
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul/sc
edi move bel via convoy
eng support edi move bel
hol support edi move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mun hold
nth convoy edi move bel
par move gas
rom move ven
sev support ukr move rum
stp move nwy
tri move ven
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move sil
bud move rum
bul/sc move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
den move swe
eng move mid
gas move spa
gre move alb
hol hold
kie support hol
lon move eng
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth support lon move eng
nwy move swe
pie move mar
rom move ven
rum support ser move bul
ser support bud move rum
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tri move ven
tun move wes
vie move gal
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank move bla
bel hold
bla move rum
bre hold
bul support alb move ser
bur move mar
con hold
den hold
eng move bre
gal support rum
gre move alb
hol hold
kie support hol
mid support eng move bre
mun move bur
nth support bel
nwy move swe
pie move mar
pru move war
rom move ven
rum hold
ser support rum
sev support bla move rum
sil move ber
ska move den
spa hold
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tys move ion
ukr support bla move rum
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bud
ser move gre
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army par
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel hold
ber move pru
bla move ank
bre hold
bud support gre move ser
bul support alb move gre
bur move mar
con hold
den hold
edi move nrg
gre move ser
hol hold
ion move adr
kie support den
mid move por
mun move bur
nth support edi move nrg
par move bre
pie move mar
rom move ven
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum
ska support swe move den
spa move por
swe move den
tri move alb
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move vie
ser move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb support vie move tri
bel hold
bre hold
bud support vie move tri
bul support tri move ser
bur move mar
con move smy
den hold
gal move bud
gre support bul
hol hold
kie support den
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
mun move bur
nth hold
nrg support nth
nwy move nth
par move bre
pie move mar
pru move lvn
ser support vie move tri
sev move mos
ska support nwy move nth
spa support gol move mar
swe move nwy
tri move ser
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army con
build Army lon
build Army rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move ion
ank move con
bel move pic
bre hold
bud move tri
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
gal move bud
gre move ion
hol hold
kie support den
lon move bel via convoy
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mos move lvn
mun move sil
nth convoy lon move bel
nrg support nth
nwy support ska
par move bre
por hold
pru move war
rom move ven
ser support gal move bud
ska support nwy
smy move ank
spa move mar via convoy
swe move den
ven move tyr
vie support bud move tri
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa move gas
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb move ion
ank move bla
bel hold
bre hold
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
gas move par
hol hold
kie support den
lvn support war
mar support spa/sc
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support ska
par hold
pic move par
por hold
pru move war
ser support bul move rum
sil move mun
ska support nwy
smy move arm
spa/sc support mar
swe move den
tri move bud
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
war support lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
rum move sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bud
remove gas
build Fleet nap
remove sev
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla move rum
bre move mid
bul support ser
den hold
gal move ukr
gre support smy move aeg
hol hold
ion move tun
kie support den
lvn move pru
mar move spa
mun hold
nap move ion
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support ska move nth
par move bre
pic move bre
por support bre move mid
pru move ber
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
ska move nth
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
swe support nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ion
bel hold
ber support mun
boh move vie
bud support boh move vie
bul support ser
den hold
gre support aeg move ion
hol hold
ion support wes move tun
kie support den
mid support por move spa
mun hold
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support ska move nth
par move bre
pic move bre
por move spa/sc
pru support war move sil
rum hold
ser move tri
sev hold
ska move nth
spa hold
swe support nwy
tri support vie
tun hold
tyr support tri
ukr move mos
vie support tri
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army/dislodged spa
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa move mar
vie move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove gal
build Fleet lon
remove mar
remove ska
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ion move gre
bel move pic
ber hold
bud support vie move tri
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
gre move alb
hol hold
ion move gre
kie support ber
lon move eng
mid support pic move bre
mos move sev
mun hold
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support swe
par move bre
pic move bre
pru move ber
rum move bla
ser support vie move tri
sev move mos
sil move gal
smy move eas
spa/sc hold
swe support nwy
tri move vie
tun move tys
tyr support tri move vie
vie move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move aeg
nwy move ska
tri move ven
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
bel hold
ber hold
bla move rum
bud move vie
bul support aeg move gre
den hold
eas move ion
eng support pic move bre
gal move vie
gre move ion
hol hold
ion move nap
kie support den
mid support spa/sc
mun hold
nth support nwy
nwy support nth
par move bre
pic move bre
pru move ber
rum move bud
ser move alb
sev move mos
ska move den
spa/sc support mid
swe support ska move den
tri hold
tyr support alb move tri
tys move rom
ven move rom
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ser
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet rom
remove ska
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support bul move ser
bel move pic
ber hold
bla move sev
bre support bel move pic
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
den move swe
eas move ion
eng move mid
gal support tyr move vie
gre support eas move ion
hol hold
kie move den
lon move eng
mid move spa/sc
mos hold
mun hold
nap support tys
nth hold
nwy support den move swe
par move bre
pru move war
rom support tys move nap
rum support bul move ser
ser move bud
sev move ukr
spa/sc move mar
swe hold
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr move vie
tys move nap
ven support tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap move apu
swe move fin
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
apu move ven
ber move pru
bre support pic move par
bud support alb move tri
den move nwy via convoy
eng support mid
fin move stp
gal move bud
gre move ion
hol hold
ion move tys
mid support eng
mar support spa/sc
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nap hold
nth convoy den move nwy
nwy move nrg
pic move par
rom support nap
rum move sev
ser support alb move tri
sev move rum
spa/sc support mar
swe support den
tri hold
tun move ion
ukr move gal
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move adr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army lon
build Army mun
remove tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support vie move tri
apu support gre move ion
ber move mun
bre hold
bud hold
con move bul
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move boh
gre move ion
hol hold
lon move bel via convoy
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nap hold
nth hold
nrg move bar
nwy support swe move fin
par move bur
pru move war
rom move nap
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev hold
sil support pru move war
spa/sc move wes
stp support war move lvn
swe move fin
tri move tyr
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move vie
tri move alb
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support bud move tri
apu move nap
bar support fin move stp
bel move hol
ber move mun
boh move sil
bre move naf via convoy
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur move mar
fin move stp
hol move hel
ion support tys move tun
lvn support ukr move war
gol move tys
mid convoy bre move naf
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth hold
nwy support fin move stp
rom hold
ser support bud move tri
sil support war
stp move nwy
tri hold
tys move tun
ukr move war
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move mos
tri move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Army mos
remove tyr
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support tri
apu move nap
bar support stp
ber move pru
boh support vie move tyr
eng convoy lon move bel
ion support apu move nap
kie move bal
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support mos move stp
gol support mar move pie
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support sil
naf support wes move tun
nap move ion
nwy support stp
rom hold
rum move gal
ser support tri
sil support ber move pru
stp hold
tri support vie move tyr
tys support apu move nap
ven support rom
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move apu via convoy
bal support pru move lvn
bar support nwy move stp
bel move bur
boh support tyr move mun
gal move sil
hel move den
ion convoy alb move apu
gol move tys
mos support lvn
mun support sil move boh
naf support tun
nap support tys move rom
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
pru move lvn
rom support gol move tys
ser support tri
sil move boh
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
tri hold
tun support adr move ion
tyr move mun
tys move rom
ven support pie move tyr
war support lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tyr
Russia: army/dislodged tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move apu
rom move tus
tyr move vie
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
remove tus
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
apu move ion
bal support stp move lvn
bar support nwy move stp
boh support gal move sil
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
den move kie
eng move mid
gal move sil
hol move ruh
lon move eng
lvn support war
mos support lvn
mun support sil
naf move tun
nap support apu move ion
nwy move stp
pru move war
rom move tys
ser move tri
sev hold
sil support mun
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys support ven move rom
ven move rom
vie support tri move tyr
war support lvn
wes support tys
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move tus
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb support tri
bal support pru move lvn
boh move mun
bul/sc move gre
gal move sil
ion move tys
kie hold
lvn support war
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun hold
naf support tun
nap support tus move rom
nwy move stp
pru move lvn
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sil move war
stp move mos
tri support tyr move ven
tun support tys
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support rom move nap
ven hold
vie support tyr
war support lvn
wes support tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
England: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move apu
ven move tus
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army con
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
alb move ser
bal move lvn
bar move nrg
boh move mun
con move bul
gal move war
gre move ion
ion move tys
kie hold
lvn move war
mos support war move lvn
mun hold
naf support tun
nap support ion move tys
nwy move stp
pie support tus
rom support ion move tys
ruh support mun
sev move bla
sil support lvn move war
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tri support ven
tun support tys
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ven hold
vie support boh
war move lvn
wes support tys
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bla convoy bul move sev
boh move sil
bul move sev via convoy
eng hold
gal support ukr move war
gre move alb
ion move tys
kie hold
gol support tys
mos support ukr move war
mun support pie move tyr
naf support tun
nap support ion move tys
nth hold
nrg hold
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
rom support ion move tys
ruh move bur
ser move rum
sil move war
stp support war move mos
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus move ven
tys hold
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
build Army lon
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
ber move pru
boh support tri move tyr
bur move mar
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move war
ion move tys
kie hold
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move bot
gol support bur move mar
mos support sil move war
mun support tyr
naf move tun
nap support ion move tys
pie support tri move tyr
rom support ion move tys
rum move bud
sev support war move mos
sil move war
stp support mos
tri move tyr
tun support tys
tyr move tri
tys move rom
ukr support war move mos
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri move tyr
war move mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move lvn
tys move tus
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bud move ser
gal move sil
gre move ion
kie hold
lvn move war
gol support tus move tys
mar support ven move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun hold
naf support tun
nap support gre move ion
pie move ven
pru support lvn move war
rom support tys move tus
sev support mos
sil move gal
stp move mos
swe move den
tri support pie move ven
tun support tus move tys
tus move tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys move tus
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie support tyr
wes support tus move tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ber
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove kie
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move mun
bot move lvn
bur support ber move mun
con move bul
den move kie
eng move mid
gal move sil
ion support rom move tys
lon move bel via convoy
gol support ven move pie
mar support ven move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun support gal move sil
nap support rom move tys
nth convoy lon move bel
pie move ven
pru support war
rom move tys
ser move rum
sev support mos
sil support war
smy move aeg
stp move mos
tri support pie move ven
tun move ion
tyr support mun
tys move tus
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie move boh
war hold
wes support tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move ruh
ber move mun
boh support mun move sil
bul move ser
bur support ber move mun
gal support mun move sil
ion support tys move tun
kie support ber move mun
lvn move stp/sc
gol support tus move tys
mid convoy naf move spa
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun move sil
naf move spa via convoy
nap move rom
pie move ven
pru support war
rum hold
sev support mos
sil support war
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun support tus move tys
tus move tys
tyr support tri move ven
tys move tun
ukr move war
war hold
wes support tus move tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
England: fleet/dislodged tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move ber
tun move naf
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
remove spa
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
boh support tyr
bur support mun
con move bul
gal support sil move war
gre support tun move ion
ion move nap
kie move ber
lvn move stp/sc
gol move tus
mid move spa/sc
mar support pie
mos support sil move war
mun support ber move sil
naf support tys move tun
pie support gol move tus
pru support war
rom support ion move nap
rum move bud
ser move tri
sev support mos
sil move war
smy move aeg
stp move mos
tun move ion
tyr hold
tys move tun
ukr support sil move war
war hold
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support sil
boh support gal move sil
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur support mun
gal move sil
gre move alb
ion move tys
lvn move stp/sc
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support sil
naf move wes
nap support ion move tys
pie hold
pru move war
rom support ion move tys
sev support mos
sil support mun
spa/sc move gol
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tun support wes move tys
tus support wes move tys
tyr support tri move ven
ukr support war
ven move adr
war support gal move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army lon
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
ber support sil
boh move sil
bur support mun
gal support war
gre move alb
ion move nap
kie support mun
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move stp/sc
gol support wes move tys
mar support pie
mos move lvn
mun hold
naf move wes
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move bel
pru move war
rom move tus
sev support ukr move mos
sil support pru move war
stp move mos
tri support tyr
tun support wes move tys
tus support wes move tys
tyr move pie
ukr move mos
ven support rom move tus
war support mos move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
ber support sil
boh support gal move sil
gal move sil
ion move nap
kie support mun
lvn move stp/sc
gol support tys
mar support pie
mos support war
mun hold
nap move rom
pie support mun move tyr
pru move war
rom move tus
sev support mos
sil support pru move war
stp move mos
tri support tyr
tun support tys
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
tys hold
ukr support war
ven support tus move pie
war support gal move sil
wes support tys
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move tri
bel move ruh
ber support sil
boh support war move sil
bur support mar
edi move hol via convoy
gal support war move sil
ion move tys
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvn move stp/sc
gol support tys move tus
mar hold
mos move war
mun move tyr
nap support ion move tys
nth convoy edi move hol
pie move gol
pru move war
rom support ion move tys
sev move mos
sil support pru move war
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun hold
tus support pie move gol
tyr support ven move pie
tys move tus
ukr support mos move war
ven move pie
war move sil
wes support gol
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
ber move sil
boh support gal move sil
eng move mid
gal move sil
ion support tys move tun
kie support mun
lvn move stp/sc
gol move pie
mar support gol move pie
mun hold
nap move tys
nrg move nwy
pie move gol
pru support ber
rom support nap move tys
sev support ukr move mos
sil move pru
stp move mos
tri move vie
tun support wes
tus support pie move gol
tyr support ven move pie
tys move tun
ukr move mos
ven move pie
war support sil move pru
wes support tun
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bur move gas
edi move nwy via convoy
ion move tun
kie support ber
lon move eng
lvn move pru
gol move pie
mid move naf
mar support gol move pie
mun support ber
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move ska
pie move gol
pru move ber
rom support tys
ruh support mun
sev support mos
sil support tyr move mun
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tun support wes
tus support pie move gol
tyr move mun
tys support pie move gol
ven move pie
vie support tri move tyr
war support pru
wes support tun
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet/dislodged gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move spa/sc
mun move bur
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support bur move mun
boh support mun
bur move mun
eng move mid
gas support mar
ion move tun
kie support bur move mun
lvn move pru
gol move wes
mos support war move lvn
mun support pru move ber
naf support tun
nap move ion
nth move nrg
nwy move swe
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom support tys
ruh support bur move mun
sev support mos
sil support pru
ska move nth
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tun support wes
tus support gol
tyr support mun
tys support ion move tun
vie move gal
war move lvn
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army smy
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support tyr move mun
con move bul
gal move vie
gas move mar
ion support tys move tun
lon move eng
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support war move lvn
mun move ber
naf support tun
nap support tys
pie move mar
pru support mun move ber
rom support tys
ruh support kie move mun
sev support mos
sil support mun move ber
smy move arm
tun support wes
tus support pie
tyr move mun
tys move tun
war move lvn
wes support gol
PHASE 1918 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
Turkey: army/dislodged pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
