PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move con
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur support nth move bel
gal support ukr move rum
hol support nth move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
nth move bel
nrg convoy yor move nwy
pic support nth move bel
ruh move mun
ser move rum
sev support ukr move rum
spa move por
tri support adr move ven
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven move tri
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army rom
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel support lon move nth
ber move kie
bud move vie
bur hold
den move swe
gal support bud move vie
hol hold
kie move ruh
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun support kie move ruh
nrg move nwy
pic hold
por move spa
rom move ven
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move bla
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus support rom move ven
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support nth
bla support bul
bul support ser move gre
bur support pic move bel
den move swe
gal move rum
hol support bel
ion move adr
kie move ruh
lon move nwy via convoy
gol move wes
mun support ruh move bur
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg support lon move nwy
rom support tyr move ven
ruh move bur
ser move gre
sev move rum
spa hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move tyr
tus support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven hold
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move mar
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
bel move pic
bla move con
bud move ser
bul support bla move con
bur support bel move pic
den move swe
gal move sil
gre move ser
hol hold
lon move eng
mar support spa move gas
mun support bur
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
nwy hold
par move bur
pic support bel
rom support ven
ruh support bur
sev move arm
spa move gas
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tus move pie
tyr move ven
ven support tus move pie
vie support tri
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
bar support nwy
bel support nth move eng
bud move tri
bul move con
bur move mar
con move ank
den move swe
eng move mid
gas move bur
gre move bul
hol support bel
mar support gas move bur
mun support ruh move bur
nth move eng
nwy support den move swe
par support gas move bur
pic move bre
pie support bur move mar
pru move ber
rom support ven
ruh move bur
sev move rum
sil support pru move ber
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tun hold
tyr move ven
ven support pie
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move spa
swe move ska
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
remove pie
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support tri move adr
ank move con
bar support nwy move stp
bel move pic
ber move mun
bre hold
bud move tri
bul move gre
con move bul
eng support bel move pic
gas move mar
hol move kie
kie move den
mid move spa/nc
mar support ruh move bur
mos move stp
mun support hol move kie
nwy move stp
par support bre
rom support ven
ruh move bur
rum support con move bul
sil support ber move mun
ska support stp/nc move nwy
spa support gas move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe support kie move den
tri move adr
tun move tys
tyr move pie
ven support adr move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move adr
bar support nwy move stp
boh support bur move mun
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul hold
bur move mun
con move smy
den move bal
eng support pic move bre
gas move mar
gre move ser
kie move ber
mid move por
mar support mid move spa
mos support stp/nc
mun hold
nwy move stp
par move bur
pic move bre
pie support tyr move ven
rom move nap
rum hold
sil move ber
ska move nth
spa support gas move mar
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ven move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
ven move apu
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
remove bur
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move apu
bal support mun move ber
bar support nwy move stp
boh move mun
bre support eng
bul hold
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move pic
ion move nap
kie move hol
lon move pic via convoy
mid move por
mar hold
mos support stp/nc
mun move ber
nth move hol
nwy move stp
pie move ven
por move mid
rom move nap
ruh support sil move mun
rum move gal
ser hold
sev move ukr
sil move mun
smy move aeg
spa support mid move por
stp/nc hold
swe move fin
tri support pie move ven
tys move tun
ven move apu
vie move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move alb
aeg move gre
apu move rom
bal move pru
bar support nwy move stp
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul support aeg move gre
edi move nth
eng move bel
fin support nwy move stp
gal move boh
ion support rom move apu
kie move hol
mar move bur
mos support stp/nc
mun support pru move ber
nth move hol
nwy move stp
pic move par
por hold
pru move ber
rom move apu
ruh support nth move hol
ser hold
spa move gas
stp/nc hold
tri move alb
tun hold
ukr move rum
ven support apu move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove boh
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
apu move rom
bal support stp move lvn
bar support fin move stp
bel support lon move hol
ber support kie
bul move con
bur move par
edi support nth
eng move mid
fin move stp
gal move sil
gas support bur move par
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie support bel move hol
lon move hol via convoy
mos support war move lvn
mun move ber
nth convoy lon move hol
par move bur
por move mid
pru support mun move ber
rom move nap
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bul
ser move bud
sev move rum
stp move lvn
tun hold
ven support apu move rom
vie support ser move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
England: army/dislodged par
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
par move pic
rom move tus
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal support den move kie
bar support fin move stp
bel support hol
ber support kie
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nth
eng move mid
fin move swe
gas move bre
gre move ion
hol support den move kie
ion move nap
kie support ber
mos support war move lvn
nth move hel
par support gas move bre
pic move bur
por move spa/sc
pru support war move lvn
rom support apu move nap
ruh support kie
rum move gal
sil support ber
stp move lvn
tun hold
tus move rom
ven support rom
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove ion
remove mid
build Army mar
remove swe
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal support hol move kie
bar support stp
bel support hol
ber support kie
bre hold
bud support ser
bul support rum
bur move mun
den support hol move kie
gal move boh
gre move ion
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
kie hold
lvn hold
mar support par move bur
mos support lvn
nth move den
par move bur
pru support lvn
rom move tus
ruh support kie
rum support bul
ser support bud
sil support gal move boh
spa/sc move wes
stp hold
tun move ion
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ven support rom move tus
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army/dislodged bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move pic
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support hol move kie
bar support stp
bel move eng
ber support sil move mun
boh support sil move mun
bre support bur move par
bud move ser
bul hold
bur move par
den support hol move kie
gal support rum
gre move ion
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
kie move hol
lvn support mos move stp
mar move gas
mos move stp
nap support gre move ion
nth move hol
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru move sil
ruh support kie move hol
rum support bul
ser move gre
sil move mun
stp hold
tun move ion
tus support ven move pie
tyr move mun
ven move pie
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
remove ruh
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move pru
bel move ruh
ber hold
boh move vie
bre move par
bud support ser
bul move ser
den move bal
eng convoy lon move bel
gal support rum move bud
gas move mar
gre support ser
hel move den
hol support kie
ion move gre
kie support bel move ruh
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move mos
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap support tus move rom
par move gas
pie hold
rum move bud
ser support gre
sil support ber
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr move boh
tys move gol
vie support bud
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
bar move stp/nc
bel move ruh
ber move mun
boh move vie
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
den support ruh move kie
eng move nth
gal support boh move vie
gas support gol move spa
gre support ser move bul
hol support ruh move kie
ion move gre
kie move ber
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mos hold
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move bur
pie move ven
pru support kie move ber
rom move nap
ruh move kie
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil support ber move mun
spa hold
stp move lvn
tri support vie move bud
tun hold
tyr move boh
vie move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
spa move por
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove pru
remove rom
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal hold
ber support ruh move mun
boh move gal
bud move vie
bul support ser move gre
bur support ruh move mun
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move bud
gas move spa
gre move ser
hol move bel
ion move adr
kie support ruh move mun
lon hold
lvn move pru
mar support gas move spa
mos support war move lvn
mun move sil
nap support tun move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
por move spa
ruh move mun
rum support gal move bud
ser move gre
sil move pru
spa/sc move por
tri support bud move vie
tun support nap move ion
tyr move tri
ven move tyr
vie support tyr move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move ser
gre move alb
mun move boh
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
alb move ser
bal move den
bel move eng
ber support mun
boh move vie
bud support vie move tri
bul move ser
bur support mun
gal support ser move bud
gas move spa
gre support bul move ser
kie support mun
lon move den via convoy
lvn move war
mar support gas move spa
mos move ukr
mun support ber
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move den
nwy support stp/nc
por move spa
rum support bul move ser
ser move bud
sil move war
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc hold
swe support lon move den
tri support ser move bud
tun move ion
tyr move ven
ven support tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove bal
build Army edi
remove gal
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support vie move tri
ber support kie move mun
boh move vie
bud move tri
bur hold
den move kie
edi move hol via convoy
eng convoy lon move pic
gre move ser
kie move mun
lon move pic via convoy
lvn support war move pru
lvp move iri
mid move por
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy support stp/nc
por move spa
rom support tri move ven
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sil support ukr move gal
spa support mid move por
stp/nc hold
swe move bal
tri move ven
tun support nap move ion
ukr move gal
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Russia: army/dislodged ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tus move ven
bal support kie move ber
ber move sil
bud hold
bur move par
eng move bre
gal move rum
hol move ruh
ion move aeg
iri move mid
kie move ber
lvn support pru
mun support ber move sil
nth move bel
nwy move stp
pic move par
pie move mar
por hold
pru support sil
rom support ven
rum move bul
ser move gre
sil support vie move boh
spa move gas
stp/nc move bar
tri support tus move ven
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army mos
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move con
bal convoy kie move lvn
bar support stp
bel move eng
ber support mun
boh support tri move mun
bre move gas
bud move tri
bul move con
bur move par
gal move vie
gas support bur move par
gre hold
ion move nap
kie move lvn via convoy
lvn support pru
mid support bre move gas
mar move spa
mos support lvn
mun support ber
pic move bur
por support mar move spa
pru support lvn
rom support ven
ruh support mun
rum move bul
sil move mun
stp support bal move lvn
tri move tyr
tus move pie
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army/dislodged gas
England: fleet gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gas move mar
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move smy
bal support ber move pru
bar support stp
ber move pru
boh support vie move tyr
bud move tri
bul move con
bur support mun
eng convoy lon move bre
gas support lon move bre
gre hold
kie move ber
lon move bre via convoy
lvn hold
mid move wes
mar move gas
mos support lvn
mun support tyr move boh
nap hold
par support mar move gas
pie support tri move ven
por support spa
pru move ber
rom support ven
ruh support mun
rum move bul
sil support pru move ber
spa support mar move gas
stp hold
tri move ven
tyr move boh
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
England: fleet/dislodged gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move gal
gas move mid
ven move apu
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army mar
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal support kie move ber
bar support stp
ber move sil
boh support ber move sil
bre support bur move par
bul move con
bur move par
con move ank
eng support bre
gal move boh
gas move bur
gre hold
kie move ber
lvn support pru
mid move wes
mar support gas move bur
mos support lvn
mun support boh
nap move rom
par support gas move bur
pie support tyr
por support spa
pru support sil
rom move ven
ruh support mun
sil support gal move boh
smy move con
spa support por
stp hold
tri move vie
tyr support gal move boh
ven support nap move rom
wes move tun
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
par move pic
rom move apu
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support bul move con
apu support rom move nap
bal support stp move lvn
bar move stp/nc
ber move sil
boh support ber move sil
bre support par
bul move con
bur support pic move par
eng move bel
gal move boh
gre move bul
ion move nap
kie support ber
lvn support pru
mar support bur
mos support lvn
mun support ber move sil
par support ruh move bur
pic move par
pie hold
por move mid
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh move bur
sil support pru move ber
smy move con
spa hold
stp move lvn
tun support wes move tys
tyr move mun
ven hold
vie support gal move boh
wes move tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove nap
build Fleet sev
remove spa
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
apu support tys move nap
bal support mun move ber
bar support stp
bel move pic
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre support par
bul move gre
bur move par
con support ank move smy
edi move nth
ion support ven move apu
kie support mun move ber
lon move eng
lvn hold
lvp move yor
mid support pic move bre
mar move gas
mos support lvn
mun move ber
par support ruh move bur
pic move bre
pie move tus
ruh move bur
sev move bla
sil support tyr move mun
smy move aeg
stp hold
tyr move mun
ven move apu
vie move tyr
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Austria: army/dislodged apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move rom
ber move pru
bur move bel
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support tun move ion
apu move rom
bal support ber
bar support stp
bel move pic
ber support kie move mun
bla move con
boh move mun
bre support bel move pic
bur move mar
con move bul
eng move bre
gas support bre
gre support con move bul
ion move nap
kie move mun
lvn support pru
mid support bre
mos support lvn
mun move ber
nth convoy yor move bel
par support eng move bre
pic support eng move bre
pru support mun move ber
rom support tys move nap
sil support mun move ber
smy support bla move con
stp hold
tun move ion
tus support apu move rom
tyr move ven
tys move nap
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Russia: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army lon
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal support kie
bar support stp
bel move pic
ber support sil move mun
boh support sil move mun
bre move par
bul move ser
con move aeg
eas support con move aeg
eng support pic move bre
gas support bre move par
gre hold
ion move nap
kie support lon move hol
lon move hol via convoy
lvn hold
mid move eng
mar move gas via convoy
mos support lvn
nth convoy lon move hol
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pru support ber
rom support ven move apu
sev move bla
sil move mun
smy move con
stp hold
tus move pie
tys support ion move nap
ven move apu
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu support rom
bal support kie
bar support stp
ber hold
bla move con
boh move mun
bre support eng move mid
con move bul
eas move ion
eng move mid
gas support pic move par
gre hold
hol support lon move bel
kie hold
lon move bel via convoy
lvn hold
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mos support lvn
mun move ruh
nap support tys move rom
nth convoy lon move bel
par support bre
pic move par
pie hold
pru support ber
rom hold
ser move tri
sil support boh move mun
stp hold
tys move rom
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
England: army/dislodged par
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mid move por
par move bur
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
apu move nap
bal support kie
bar support stp
bel support hol move ruh
ber support mun
bre move gas
bul move gre
bur move par
con move aeg
gas move mar
gre move tun via convoy
ion convoy gre move tun
kie support hol move ruh
lon move hol via convoy
lvn support mos move stp
mid move por
mar support bre move gas
mos move stp
mun support ruh move bur
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move hol
par move bur
pie support gas move mar
por hold
pru support ber
rom support apu move nap
ruh move bur
sev move bla
sil support mun
stp hold
tri move ven
tys move tun
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
England: army/dislodged bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
England: army/dislodged mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move pic
mar move spa
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support kie
bel move ruh
ber support sil move mun
bla move con
bul hold
bur move mar
eas support aeg move ion
gas support spa
gre hold
hol support bel move ruh
ion move nap
kie support bel move ruh
lon move bel via convoy
lvn hold
mid move por
mar support por move spa
mos support lvn
mun move ruh
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move bel
par move bre
pic move bre
pie support bur move mar
por move spa/sc
pru support ber
rom support ion move nap
sil move mun
spa support mid move por
tys move tun
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
