PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon hold
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bla move rum
bul move con
con move aeg
fin move swe
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move eng
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move bel
ser support alb move gre
spa move por
stp move nwy
ukr support bla move rum
vie move tri
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ank move con
apu move rom
bel hold
ber move kie
bre move mid
bul hold
bur move ruh
con move smy
den hold
eng support bel
hol move ruh
kie move hol
lon hold
mos move sev
mun support hol move ruh
nth support bel
nwy move fin
par move bur
por move spa
rom move tys
rum move bla
ser support gre
sev move arm
spa/sc move wes
swe move nwy
tun move wes
ukr move rum
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
arm move ank
bel support ruh move bur
bla support arm move ank
bul move gre
bur hold
con move bul
den hold
eng move bre
fin move swe
gal support rum
gre move aeg
hol hold
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mid support spa/sc move wes
mun support ruh move bur
nth support bel
nwy support fin move swe
par support bur
por move spa
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move con
spa/sc move wes
tri move ser
tun move wes
tys move gol
ven move pie
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move mar
gre move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet lvp
build Army sev
remove wes
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
arm move smy
bel support bur move pic
bla support ank move con
bre support eng move mid
bur move pic
eng move mid
gal support rum
lvp move iri
mid move bre
mar support spa
mun support ruh move bur
nth support bel
nwy support swe
par support mid move bre
ruh move bur
rum support bul
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum
spa support mar
swe support nwy
tun move wes
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move eng
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move smy
bel hold
bla support con
bre hold
bur support pic move par
con support arm move smy
eng move bre
gal support rum
gre support bul
iri move eng
gol support pie move mar
mid support eng move bre
mar move bur
mun support bur
nth support bel
nwy support swe
par support bre
pic move par
pie move mar
rum hold
ser support bul
sev support rum
spa move por
swe support nwy
tri move vie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre disband
mar disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
bla move con
bre hold
bud hold
bul hold
bur move par
con move smy
eng move nth
gal support rum
gre support bul
gol move wes
mid move por
mar hold
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth move nrg
nwy move swe
par move bre
pic support bur move par
por move spa
rom move tys
rum hold
ser support bul
sev support rum
smy move ank
spa/sc support mid move por
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri support bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
par move gas
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel hold
bre hold
con move aeg
gal support rum
gas move bre
gre support bul
hol support pic move bel
ion move adr
mar move gas
nth support nrg
nrg support nth
nwy support stp/nc move bar
pic move bel
por hold
ruh support pic move bel
rum hold
sev support rum
smy support ank move con
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move bar
swe support nwy
tri support bud
tys move ion
ukr support rum
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gas
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support con move bul
bar move nrg
bel move den via convoy
bre support por move mid
con move bul
den move bal
gal move rum
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie move ber
lvp move iri
mid support spa/sc move por
mar move gas
mun move sil
nth convoy bel move den
nrg support nth
nwy support hol move nth
par move gas
por move mid
ruh move kie
rum move ser
ser support gre
sev support gal move rum
smy move con
spa/sc move por
swe support nwy
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mid move eng
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move gre
bal support den move swe
bar support nwy
bel move eng
ber move pru
bre support par move gas
bud support tri
bul support rum
con support bul
den move swe
eng move bre
gal move war
ion support gre move aeg
iri move mid
kie move mun
mid move wes
mar move spa
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy support swe
par move gas
por move spa/sc
rum support ukr move gal
ser move bul
sev move mos
sil move gal
swe support nwy
ukr move gal
vie move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal move bot
bar support nwy
bel move eng
bud move rum
bul support rum
con support bul
eng move bre
fin move swe
gal support war
gas support mid move spa
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mos support war
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth support swe move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy support fin move swe
por move spa/sc
pru move lvn
rum support gal
ser support bud move rum
sil move pru
swe move nwy
tri move bud
ven move pie
vie move gal
war support gal
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
bar move stp/nc
bot support nwy move stp
bud support ser move rum
bul support rum
con support bul
den move swe
eng support gas move bre
gal support war
gas move bre
gre move bul/sc
ion move eas
lvn move mos
mar move spa
mos support bar move stp
nth move nrg
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
pie move mar
por support mar move spa
pru move war
rum support gal
ser move rum
sil support pru move war
ska move nwy
spa/sc move gol
swe support ska move nwy
tri move ser
tun move wes
vie move gal
war support gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Italy: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre disband
rum move sev
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gal
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
remove nat
build Fleet rom
build Army tri
remove ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
bot support stp
bre move gas
bud support rum
den move nth
eng support den move nth
gre move aeg
kie move den
lvn support war move mos
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun hold
nrg support den move nth
por move mid
rom move tys
ser move gre
sil move war
stp support war move mos
tri move ser
tys move ion
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mos disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
bot move swe
bud support rum
den support bot move swe
eng move bre
gas move bre
gre support ser move bul
lvn move stp
gol move wes
mid support spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun move tyr
nth support stp move nwy
nrg move cly
pie move mar
rom move nap
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
spa move mar
stp move nwy
tys move rom
vie move gal
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy disband
swe disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove ion
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
cly move nat
den move ska
eas move ion
eng convoy nwy move bre
gal move ukr
gas support nwy move bre
gre move aeg
kie move mun
lvp move iri
mid move iri
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth convoy nwy move bre
nwy move bre via convoy
pie move tus
rom support wes move tys
rum move sev
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tun move tys
tyr move ven
war support mos move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur support gas move mar
eng support nat move mid
gas move mar
gre move bul/sc
lvp move iri
mid move bre
mos support ukr move sev
mun move tyr
nat support lvp move iri
nap support tus move rom
nwy move stp/nc
rom support tys move nap
sil move war
ska move nwy
spa move mar
tun move tys
tus move rom
tys move nap
ukr move sev
ven support rom
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
sev disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove ion
build Army kie
remove mid
build Army mun
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bar move nrg
ber move pru
bre move gas
bul support rum
bur support bre move gas
con move ank
iri support nat move mid
kie move mun
mar support bre move gas
mos move sev
mun move sil
nat move mid
nap support tus move rom
nth move nrg
nwy support stp/nc move bar
rom support tys move nap
ser support tri
sev move arm
stp/nc move bar
tun move tys
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ukr support mos move sev
ven move apu
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
apu support rom move nap
arm move syr
bul move con
bur move mar
con move smy
eng move mid
gas support mar move spa
gre move aeg
iri support eng move mid
mid move por
mar move spa
mos move sev
nap support tus move rom
nth move eng
nwy move nth
pru move war
rom move nap
sev move arm
sil support pru move war
spa move por
tun move tys
tus move rom
tys move rom
ukr support mos move sev
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nap move ion
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove ion
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank move smy
apu support ven
arm move smy
bar move nrg
bul move con
con move smy
eng move bre
gas move spa
iri move nat
kie move mun
lvp move iri
mid move naf
mar move pie
mun move sil
nap move rom
nth move eng
nwy move nth
sev move arm
sil move war
spa move por
syr support arm move smy
tys move ion
ukr move sev
war move mos
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Italy: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
con move bla
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Italy: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bul via convoy
arm move ank
bla convoy ank move bul
con support arm move ank
ion move tun
iri hold
naf support ion move tun
nat hold
pie move tus
rom hold
sev hold
smy support arm move ank
syr support smy
ven support pie move tus
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Germany: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Italy: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tun disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
