PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
apu move tun via convoy
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul/ec
gal move ukr
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
ruh move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
spa hold
stp move nwy
ven move pie
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army smy
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bel move pic
ber move mun
bre move pic
bud move tri
bul move con
con move aeg
den hold
hol move bel
kie support ber move mun
lon move eng
mar move gol
mun support par move bur
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
nwy hold
par move bur
por move mid
rum move bla
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
smy support ank move con
spa move mar
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tri move ven
ukr move mos
war move lvn
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
arm move ank
bar move nwy
bel move pic
bla move con
bre move pic
bul support bla move con
bur support bre move pic
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
eng support bel move pic
fin support swe move nwy
gre support bul
hol move bel
kie support mun
lvn move stp
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
nth support bar move nwy
nwy move swe
ser move tri
smy move arm
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support mar move pie
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move smy
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army sev
remove smy
remove tyr
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bar support nwy move stp
bel move ruh
ber move sil
bre move par
bud support ser move rum
bul support gre
bur move mar
con move aeg
den move kie
eng move nth
fin move nwy
gre support con move aeg
hol move hel
kie move ber
mos support stp
mun support ber move sil
nth move ska
nwy move stp
pie move tus
ser move rum
sev move ukr
stp support fin move nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tri move ven
tys support aeg move ion
ven move apu
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes support tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
apu move nap
bar support ska move nwy
ber move pru
bud move vie
bul move ser
con move smy
gre move ion
hel move den
ion move tun
kie support hel move den
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun move boh
nth support ska move nwy
nwy support swe
par move bur
ruh move mun
rum hold
sil support ber move pru
ska move nwy
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tus move rom
tyr hold
tys support tus move rom
ukr move war
ven move rom
war move pru
wes support ion move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army/dislodged tun
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu hold
bar support nth move nwy
boh support mun move tyr
bur move mar
den support ska move swe
ion move tys
kie move den
lvn support war
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nth move nwy
nwy move fin
pru move war
rom support spa move nap
rum move bud
ser move tri
sil support pru move war
ska move swe
smy move aeg
spa move nap via convoy
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support vie move boh
tys convoy spa move nap
ukr move gal
ven move tus
vie move boh
war support ukr move gal
wes convoy spa move nap
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
bal move swe
bar move stp/nc
boh hold
bud move gal
den move bal
fin support bal move swe
gal move sil
ion move nap
kie hold
lvn move pru
gol move tus
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support boh
nap support rom
nwy support swe
pru move ber
rom support nap
sil support boh
smy move eas
stp move nwy
swe support den move bal
tri support tyr
tus move rom
tyr support vie move boh
tys support rom
ven support tus move rom
vie move boh
war support gal move sil
wes support tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army mar
remove war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support nap
bal support ber
bar support nwy
ber hold
boh move mun
bot move fin
bud move gal
eas move ion
edi move nth
fin support swe move nwy
gal move boh
ion move tys
kie move den
gol move tus
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun move bur
nap support tus move rom
nwy hold
pie move ven
pru move ber
rom support pie move ven
sil support tyr move mun
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support ven
tun support tys
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys support rom
ven support tus move rom
vie support gal move boh
wes support tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support nap
bal move den
bar support nwy
ber support tyr move mun
boh support mun
bot move fin
bur move par
den move swe
eas move ion
fin support swe move nwy
gal move sil
ion move tys
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun support sil move ber
nap support rom
nth move bel
nwy hold
pie move mar
pru support sil move ber
rom support ven
sil move ber
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tun support tys move ion
tus move tys
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ven support rom
vie move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
ion move aeg
tyr move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
remove mid
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support apu move ion
apu move ion
bar support nwy move stp
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bot support nwy move stp
bud move ser
den move kie
eas support apu move ion
fin support swe move nwy
gas move par
ion move gre
kie move hol
lon move nth
mar hold
mos support stp
mun move ruh
nap support apu move ion
nwy move stp/nc
par move bre
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom support nap
sil move mun
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tun move ion
tyr move pie
tys support tun move ion
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pie move tus
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
bar move nwy
bel support nth move hol
ber move kie
boh move mun
bot move fin
bre hold
den move kie
eas move ion
fin support mos move stp
gre move bul/sc
ion support alb move gre
kie move hol
lvn support mos move stp
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap support ven move apu
nth move hol
nwy move bar
par move gas
pie hold
pru move ber
rom support ven
ruh support ber move kie
ser move bul
stp/nc support bar move nwy
tun support tys
tus support tys move rom
tyr support pie
tys support tun
ven support rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove den
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar move nrg
bel move pic
ber move kie
bot move bal
bre hold
bur move mar
eas hold
edi move nth
fin move swe
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion move nap
kie move den
lvn move stp
mar move gas
mos support lvn move stp
mun move bur
nap move rom
nwy support fin move swe
par support mar move gas
pie support rom move tus
rom move tus
ruh support mun move bur
ser move tri
sev move bla
stp move fin
tun support tys
tus move pie
tyr support pie
tys support tun
ven support nap move rom
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
bal move den
bel hold
bla move con
bre hold
bur support pie move mar
den move kie
eas move ion
fin move swe
gas support bur move bre
ion move tun
kie move hol
lvn move pru
mar move spa
mos move lvn
nap move tys
nth support bal move den
nrg move nwy
nwy support fin move swe
par move bre
pic support par move bre
pie move mar
rom support nap move tys
ruh support bur
stp support nwy
swe move den
tri move tyr
tun support tys
tus support rom
tyr move mun
tys support tun
ven move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tys move wes
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move par
bur support ruh move bel
con move aeg
eas move ion
fin move swe
gas move spa
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tys
kie support swe move den
lvn move pru
mar move gas
mun move ruh
nwy support fin move swe
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh move bel
ser move tri
spa support mar move gas
stp support nwy
swe move den
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move gol
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes support gas move spa
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
Austria: army/dislodged spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move eng
den move ska
spa move por
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bel hold
bur move par
den support swe
eas move ion
eng move mid
gas support bur move par
hol support bel
kie support den
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth move eng
par support spa move gas
pie move mar
por support mar move spa
pru move lvn
ruh support bel
ska move nth
spa move gas
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tus support gol
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
