PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
bla support bud move rum
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nth move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie move ven
ruh support nth move bel
sev support ukr move rum
tri move ser
tus support pie move ven
tys move tun
ukr move rum
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bel move pic
ber move bal
bla support bud move rum
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move con
con move aeg
den move nth
gre hold
hol support ruh move bel
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mun hold
nrg move nth
nwy hold
par move pic
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
ruh move bel
ser support bud move rum
sev support ukr move rum
smy move eas
spa move gas
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun move wes
tus support ven
ukr move rum
ven support tus
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support eas move ion
bal move swe
bla support rum
bre move eng
con move ank
den support bal move swe
eas move ion
fin move nwy
gas move spa
gre move bul
hol move ruh
iri move mid
lon move eng
mun move ber
nrg support fin move nwy
nwy move swe
par move pic
pie support tri move ven
rum hold
ser support rum
sev hold
sil move mun
spa/sc move por
stp/nc hold
tri move ven
tus support ven move pie
tys move gol
ukr support sev
ven move pie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move nth
pie move mar
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
remove pie
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support bul move gre
ank move con
bel move hol
ber support ruh move mun
bla hold
bre move mid
bul move gre
den move nth
gas move spa
ion move nap
kie move hol
gol move tys
mid move naf
mar support gas move spa
mun hold
nth move edi
nrg move edi
pic move bur
por support bre move mid
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support rum
sev hold
stp/nc hold
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tus move rom
ukr support sev
ven move rom
vie move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
bla hold
boh move vie
bur move pic
con hold
den move nth
gal move war
gre hold
ion move tys
kie move hol
mid move iri
mar move pie
mun hold
naf move wes
nap support ion move tys
nth move nrg
nrg move edi
por move spa/sc
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev hold
spa move mar
stp/nc hold
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun move ion
tus support tys move rom
tys move rom
ukr move war
ven move tus
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
remove tri
remove tus
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bel move bur
ber move kie
bla support rum
bud move vie
con move bul
gal support bud move vie
gre hold
hol move nth
iri move lvp
kie move den
mar hold
mun move bur
nap support tys move rom
nth move yor
nrg move nwy
pic hold
pie move tus
rom move tys
rum move ukr
sev hold
spa/sc hold
stp/nc support nrg move nwy
swe support nwy
tun support rom move tys
tys move rom
ukr move war
ven hold
vie hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move bur
bla support arm move sev
bul hold
den move kie
gal move war
gre hold
ion support nap move tys
kie move hel
lvp hold
mar move pie
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth support yor move lon
nrg move nwy
pic hold
rom hold
sev move rum
spa/sc hold
stp/nc support nrg move nwy
swe support nwy
tun hold
tus support mar move pie
ukr support bla move sev
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move mos
wes move tys
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
lon disband
tri move ser
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet mar
remove nrg
remove wes
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel support mun move bur
ber move mun
bla support sev
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
con move aeg
gre support bul
hel move nth
ion move tun
kie hold
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move gol
mos support rum move sev
mun move bur
nth move nrg
pic hold
pie support tus move ven
rom move tus
rum move sev
ser move tri
sev support ukr move rum
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc hold
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tus move ven
tys support ion move tun
ukr move rum
vie move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support gre move ser
bel move bur
bla convoy bul move sev
bul move sev via convoy
bur move par
eng move bre
gre hold
iri move mid
kie move ruh
gol support wes
mos support stp/nc
mun support bel move bur
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
pic move bre
pie support ven
rum hold
ser hold
sev move mos
stp/nc hold
swe move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tun support tys move wes
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys move wes
ven hold
war support sev move mos
wes support iri move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
edi move yor
mos move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army kie
remove nwy
build Fleet smy
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
bur move gas
con move bul
edi move cly
eng move bre
gre support con move bul
ion move tun
kie move hol
gol move mar
mid move iri
mos move lvn
mun hold
nrg support swe move nwy
par support eng move bre
pic move bre
pie support ven
rom hold
ruh move bur
rum move gal
ser hold
sev move mos
smy move aeg
stp/nc hold
swe move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tun move naf
tyr move ven
tys support ion move tun
vie move tyr
war hold
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bla convoy bul move sev
bre hold
bul move sev via convoy
bur move mar
cly move lvp
gal move sil
gas support bur move mar
gre hold
hol move bel
iri move eng
kie move ruh
lvn move stp
mid move spa/nc
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
naf support tun move wes
nrg move nth
nwy support stp/nc
par support bre
pic move bel
pie support mar
rom hold
ser hold
stp/nc hold
tri hold
tun move wes
tyr hold
tys move gol
ven hold
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
remove pie
remove spa/nc
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber hold
bla hold
boh move mun
bre move pic
bur support mun
eng support pic move bel
gas move spa
gre move bul
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie support ber
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move iri
gol support mar
mar hold
mos move stp
mun hold
naf move mid
nth move eng
nwy support stp/nc
par support bre move pic
pic move bel
pru move ber
rom hold
ruh support mun
ser support tri
sev move mos
sil support boh move mun
stp/nc hold
tri hold
tyr support boh move mun
ven move pie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber hold
bla support bul
boh move mun
bul support ser
bur support mun
eng move bre
gas support par move bre
hol move bel
iri move nat
kie support ber
lon hold
lvn support mos move stp
gol support pie move mar
mid move nat
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun hold
nth support pic move eng
nwy support stp/nc
par move bre
pic move eng
pie move mar
pru support sil move ber
rom hold
ruh support mun
ser hold
sev move mos
sil move ber
stp/nc move bar
tri hold
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move wal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bar
build Fleet con
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move edi via convoy
ber move sil
bla support bul
boh support tyr move mun
bre hold
bur support gas move mar
con move aeg
eng move mid
gas move mar
iri support eng move mid
kie support mun
lvn move stp
gol support mar
mid move nat
mar support spa/sc
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
nth convoy bel move edi
nwy move swe
pru move ber
ruh support mun
ser hold
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support mar
stp move fin
tri move vie
tyr move mun
tys move wes
wal move lvp
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber hold
bla support bul
boh support tyr move mun
bre move spa via convoy
bul hold
bur support mun
edi move lvp
fin support stp move nwy
gas support bre move spa
iri support edi move lvp
kie support mun
lvp hold
gol move mar
mid convoy bre move spa
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun hold
nat move nrg
nth move lon
ruh support mun
ser move tri
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc move por
stp move nwy
swe move bal
tyr move mun
tys move wes
wes move naf
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvp move cly
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet con
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
ber move kie
bla support bul
boh support tyr move mun
bud hold
bul hold
bur support ruh move mun
cly move edi
con move aeg
fin move swe
gas support spa move mar
ion hold
iri support mid
kie move ber
lvp move edi
gol support mar
mid hold
mar support por move spa
mun move sil
naf move mid
nth support lvp move edi
nrg move nth
nwy support fin move swe
por move spa/nc
ruh move mun
sil support tyr move mun
spa move mar
stp hold
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
vie move gal
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Austria: army/dislodged ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
mun move kie
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support ber
ber support ruh move mun
bla support bul
boh support mun
bud hold
bul hold
bur support ruh move mun
cly move nat
gal move war
gas move por via convoy
ion hold
iri support mid
kie support ruh move mun
lvp move edi
gol support mar
mid convoy gas move por
mar move bur
mun hold
naf move mid
nth move den
nrg support cly move edi
nwy move swe
pru move ber
rom hold
ruh move mun
sil support pru move ber
spa/nc support wes move mid
stp move nwy
swe move den
tyr support mun
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber support ruh move mun
bla hold
boh support mun
bud hold
bul move gre
bur move mar
con hold
edi move den via convoy
gre move ion
ion move tys
iri support mid
kie support ruh move mun
gol support spa/nc
mid hold
mar move gas
mun hold
naf move mid
nat move iri
nth convoy edi move den
nrg move nth
nwy support swe
por move spa
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh move mun
sil support pru move ber
spa/nc support naf move mid
stp support nwy
swe hold
tyr support mun
war move pru
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: fleet/dislodged mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move bre
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support den move swe
ber hold
bla hold
boh support mun
bre move eng
bud move tri
con hold
den move swe
gre move spa via convoy
ion convoy gre move spa
iri move eng
kie support ber
gol convoy gre move spa
mid support gre move spa
mar move bur
mun support pru move ber
nth move nwy
nrg move edi
nwy support swe
por move spa
pru move ber
ruh move bur
sil support pru move ber
stp support nwy
swe hold
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys convoy gre move spa
war move pru
wes support mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Turkey: army/dislodged swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove nat
build Army smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy swe move lvn
ber move kie
bla hold
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
con move bul
edi move nth
fin support nwy move swe
gas move par
ion hold
iri support bre move mid
kie support ruh
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
mar move bur
mun move bur
nth move edi
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por move spa
pru support ber
ruh support kie
sil support ber
smy hold
spa support mid move por
stp move nwy
swe move lvn via convoy
tri move ven
tys move wes
vie move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Austria: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move den
ber move kie
bla convoy bul move sev
boh move mun
bul move sev via convoy
edi move nth
fin move stp
gas move bur
ion move tun
iri support mid
kie support ruh
lvn move mos
gol move spa/sc
mid hold
mar support spa
mun move bur
nth move edi
nwy move swe
par hold
por support spa
pru move ber
ruh support kie
sil support pru move ber
smy move con
spa move gas
swe move den
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ven hold
vie move boh
wes move naf
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
remove mid
build Army tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bal move den
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move mun
bud move vie
con hold
edi move nth
gas move bur
iri move eng
kie support ruh
gol move wes
mar hold
mos move war
mun move bur
naf support wes move mid
nth move edi
nwy hold
par move bre
por support wes move mid
pru move ber
ruh support kie
sev move mos
sil support pru move ber
spa move gas
stp support sev move mos
swe move den
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support boh move mun
ven move pie
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support war move pru
ber move kie
bla hold
boh move sil
bre move par
bud move gal
con hold
edi move nth
eng move nth
gas move par
kie support ruh move mun
mid move nat
mar move gol
mos support sil move war
mun move ruh
naf support wes move mid
nth move den
nwy hold
pie move mar
por move spa/nc
pru support sil move war
ruh move mun
sev move ukr
sil move war
spa move gas
stp move lvn
swe move den
tyr move mun
ven move pie
vie support bud move gal
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
remove eng
remove gas
build Army par
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal support pru move ber
ber support mun move kie
bre move gas
bud move vie
edi move nth
gal move war
kie support pru move ber
lvn support war move pru
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move kie
naf move mid
nat move nrg
nth move den
nwy support swe
par move bur
pie move mar
por move spa/nc
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sil support war move pru
spa move gas
swe support nwy
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bre support par move gas
den hold
eng move bel
kie support ber
lvn move mos
mid move eng
mar support mun move bur
mun move bur
nth move hol
nrg move nat
nwy support swe
par move gas
pie support mar
por move mid
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sil support pru move ber
spa move gas
swe move den
tyr move mun
vie hold
war support pru
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Turkey: fleet bel
Turkey: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove den
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Turkey: fleet bel
Turkey: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con
bal support ber
bel support hol
ber hold
bla support sev
bre hold
con support ank
eng support mid move bre
gas move par
hol move kie
ion support smy move aeg
kie support ber
lon move nth
mid move bre
mos support stp
nat move lvp
nwy move swe
ruh move mun
sev support mos
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp support nwy
swe move den
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Turkey: fleet bel
Turkey: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army/dislodged bre
Turkey: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Turkey: fleet bel
Turkey: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal support ber
bel support hol
ber hold
den move kie
eng move lon
gas support bre
hol support den move kie
kie move mun
mos move stp
nth move edi
par hold
pic support par
ruh support kie move mun
stp move nwy
swe move den
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Turkey: fleet bel
Turkey: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Turkey: fleet bel
Turkey: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
