PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move gas
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie hold
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
eng convoy wal move bel
fin move stp/sc
gas hold
ion move tun
kie move hol
lvn hold
mar move pie
nth support wal move bel
ruh move mun
ser move gre
tyr hold
ven hold
vie hold
wal move bel via convoy
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move pru
bla support rum
bud support gre move ser
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
eng convoy lon move bre
gre move ser
hol hold
ion move aeg
kie move den
lon move bre via convoy
lvn move war
mun hold
nap move tys
nth hold
rum support bul move ser
smy move aeg
stp/sc move fin
tun move wes
tyr move ven
ven move rom
vie hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla convoy con move sev
bre support pic move par
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move sev via convoy
den move swe
eng move mid
fin hold
gre support bud move ser
hol move kie
ion move aeg
mun move bur
nth move nwy
pic support mun move bur
pru move lvn
rom move spa via convoy
rum support con move sev
sev move rum
smy move aeg
swe move bot
tys convoy rom move spa
ukr hold
ven hold
vie move tri
war hold
wes convoy rom move spa
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla support bul
bot move stp/sc
bre support pic move par
bud hold
bul support rum
bur move mar
con move aeg
fin move stp/sc
gre move bul
ion move eas
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvn move mos
lvp move iri
mid move por
mun move sil
nap move ion
nwy support bot move stp
pic move par
rum support bul
ser support gre move bul
sev support rum
smy move eas
spa hold
swe hold
tri support bud
tys move gol
ukr move mos
ven hold
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
ber move sil
bla support bul
bre hold
bud move gal
bul move gre
eng support iri move mid
gre move bul
ion move aeg
iri move mid
lvn support sil move war
gol support spa
mid move por
mar hold
nap support ion
nwy hold
par support bre
por move spa/sc
rum move ser
ser support gre move bul
sev support rum
sil move war
smy move eas
spa support mid move por
stp/sc support swe move fin
swe move fin
tri move bud
ven hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: fleet/dislodged fin
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Army mun
build Army rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bla support rum
bre support par move gas
bud support gal move rum
bul move gre
eas move ion
edi move nth
eng move mid
fin move swe
gal move rum
gre move bul
ion hold
lon hold
lvn move mos
gol support spa move mar
mid move wes
mar move bur
mun support mar move bur
nap support ion
nwy hold
par move gas
por hold
rom move ven
rum move ser
ser support gal move rum
sev support rum
sil move boh
spa move mar
stp/sc hold
ukr move mos
ven move pie
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
rum move bul
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
ber move kie
bla support sev move rum
boh move gal
bre move gas
bud move rum
bul support sev move rum
bur hold
eas move ion
gas move spa
gre hold
ion hold
kie move hol
lon move bel via convoy
gol support pie move mar
mid support gas move spa
mar move spa
mos hold
mun move boh
nap support ion
nth move eng
nwy move nth
pie move mar
por support mar move spa
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
ven hold
war hold
wes support gas move spa
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lvp
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move gre
bla support con move bul
boh move vie
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul support alb move gre
bur support hol move bel
con move bul
eas move ion
eng convoy lon move bre
gal support boh move vie
gas support wes move spa
gre support rum move ser
hol move bel
ion move aeg
kie move hol
lon move bre via convoy
lvp move wal
gol support por move spa
mid support spa move por
mar support por move spa
nap support ion
nth move nwy
pie support mar
por move spa/nc
rum move ser
ser support bud move rum
spa move por
swe move nwy
ven hold
war move ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
bel move nth
bla support sev move rum
bot move swe
bre move par
bul support gre move ser
bur move bel
eng convoy wal move pic
gal move bud
gas move spa
gre move ser
hol support bur move bel
ion hold
gol support mar move spa
mid move por
mar move spa
mos hold
nap support ion
nth move den
pie move mar
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
spa/nc move por
swe move ska
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie support gal move bud
wal move pic via convoy
wes support gas move spa
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
remove ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel support hol move pic
bla convoy con move sev
bud move tri
bul move ser
con move sev via convoy
den move swe
eas move aeg
eng move nth
gal move bud
gas move par
gre move alb
hol move pic
ion hold
kie support swe move den
gol support mar move spa
mid move iri
mar move spa
mos hold
mun hold
nap support ion
nth move nwy
par move bur
pic hold
pie move tyr
rom move tys
rum support bul move ser
ser hold
ska support swe move den
spa/nc move por
swe move den
ven support pie move tyr
vie support bud move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ven move tri
bal move ber
bel support mun move bur
bla hold
bud hold
bur move bel
den hold
gre support aeg move ion
hol hold
ion move tun
iri move eng
kie move ber
gol convoy spa move pie
mid move nat
mos hold
mun move bur
nap hold
nth support bur move bel
nwy support ska move swe
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
por hold
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move ukr
ska move swe
spa move pie via convoy
tri move vie
tyr move vie
tys move tun
ven move tri
vie move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Germany: army/dislodged bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bud move gal
ion move eas
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Army con
remove eas
remove nat
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank move sev via convoy
bal move kie
bel move hol
ber support swe move bal
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move gal
bud move gal
con move bul
den support nwy move nth
eng move bel
gal move ukr
hol move bel
ion move alb
kie move hol
gol move wes
mos support gal move ukr
mun hold
nap move apu
nth support bel move hol
nwy move nth
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie support tyr
por hold
ruh support hol move bel
ser move rum
swe move bal
tri hold
tyr support tri
tys hold
ukr support ank move sev
ven support tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move nrg
ukr move war
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support gre
apu move adr
bal support ber move kie
bel move bur
ber move kie
bla support sev
boh move gal
bud support rum move gal
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
den support ber move kie
eng support pic move bel
gre support alb
hol support ruh move bel
kie move hol
mos support ukr move sev
mun support bel move bur
nth move nwy
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum move gal
ser hold
sev support war move mos
tri move vie
tyr support ven move tri
tys move nap
ukr move sev
ven move tri
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
remove bur
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support gre
bal move swe
bel support par move bur
bla convoy con move sev
bud support ser
con move sev via convoy
den move nth
edi support lon move nth
eng support bel
gal support rum move ukr
gre support alb
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move nth
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move apu
nth move nwy
nrg move nwy
par move bur
por hold
ruh support hol move bel
rum move ukr
ser support bud
sev move mos
tri move vie
tun hold
tyr support adr move tri
ukr move mos
ven support adr move tri
vie move boh
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
nth move hel
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
alb support gre
apu move adr
bel move hol
boh support tyr move mun
bud support gal
edi support nth
eng move bel
gal support war
gre support alb
mar support par move bur
mos move lvn
nth support bel move hol
nrg move nwy
par support mar move bur
por hold
ser support bud
sev move mos
tri hold
tun move tys
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ber
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove den
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove swe
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel move eng
boh support vie
bud move gal
con move bul
edi move nth
gal move war
kie move bal
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move yor
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth move den
nwy move swe
por move mid
pru move ber
ser move bud
tri move adr
tyr support ven move tri
tys move wes
ukr support bud move gal
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Germany: army/dislodged stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ion
alb move tri
bal convoy ber move pru
ber move pru via convoy
bla move con
boh support vie
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur move par
eng convoy lon move bel
fin hold
gal move vie
gas support mid move bre
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion hold
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move pru
mid move bre
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move bre
pru move sil
ruh move mun
tri support vie
tyr support tri
ukr move rum
vie support tri
war support pru move sil
wes move mid
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove ber
remove fin
remove hel
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
alb support ser move tri
bal move bot
bel hold
boh support vie
bre support mid move eng
bud support gal move vie
bur support gas move par
con move aeg
den move kie
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move vie
gas move par
gre move ion
ion hold
kie move ber
lon move bre via convoy
lvn support war move pru
lvp move iri
mid move eng
mun support kie move ber
nth move nrg
par support lon move bre
rum move gal
ser move tri
sil support rum move gal
smy move eas
stp support lvn
swe move fin
tri support vie
tyr support tri
vie support tri
war move pru
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
England: army/dislodged par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
eng move nth
par move pic
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support eas move ion
alb support ser move tri
bel support pic
ber hold
boh move mun
bre support eng move pic
bud support gal move vie
bur support boh move mun
eas move ion
eng move pic
gal move vie
gre support eas move ion
ion support adr
iri support nth move eng
kie support ber
lvn support stp
mun hold
nth move eng
nrg move nat
par support eng move pic
pic hold
pru support lvn
rum move gal
ser move tri
sil move boh
stp support lvn
tri support vie
tyr support vie
vie support tri
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
mun move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet edi
build Fleet nap
remove sil
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support gre move ion
alb support ion move adr
bel hold
ber support kie
boh move tyr
bre support pic
bud move vie
bur move ruh
edi move nth
eng move bel
gal support bud move vie
gre move ion
ion move adr
kie support ber
lvn support stp
mun move kie
nat move mid
nap move tys
nwy support fin
par move bur
pic support bre
pru move war
rum move bud
ser move tri
stp support lvn
tri support vie
tun move tys
tyr support vie
ven support tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: fleet/dislodged adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb support bud move tri
apu support ven move adr
bel support nth move hol
ber support kie
boh support vie
bre move eng
bud move tri
bur move bel
eng support bel
fin hold
gal move sil
ion support adr
iri move mid
kie hold
lvn support stp
mid move spa/sc
mun move ber
nap move tys
nth move hol
nwy hold
pic support bur move bel
ruh move hol
ser support bud move tri
tri move tyr
tun move tys
tyr move mun
ven move adr
vie support bud move tri
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lvp
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
apu support ven
bel move hol
ber support kie
boh move mun
bre move eng
con move bul
eng move bel
fin support nwy move stp
ion move tys
kie support lon move hol
lon move hol via convoy
lvn support stp
lvp move wal
mid move por
mun move kie
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move stp
pic move bel
ruh support bel move hol
ser move tri
sil support boh move mun
smy move eas
spa/sc move mar
stp support lvn
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr move mun
ven support apu
vie move tyr
war support sil
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support eas move ion
alb move adr
ber support kie
bul move gre
eas move ion
eng convoy lon move bel
fin support nwy move stp
ion move apu
kie support ber
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support stp
mun support vie move tyr
nth support lon move bel
nwy move stp
ser move bud
sil support mun
stp support lvn
tri support adr move ven
vie move tyr
war support sil
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
Italy: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army smy
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
aeg move ion
bel hold
ber support kie
bud move tri
bur move gas
con move bul
eas support aeg move ion
eng convoy wal move bre
fin support nwy move stp
hol move ruh
ion move tys
kie support ber
lvn support stp
lvp move iri
mar hold
mun support sil move ber
nap move tys
nth support bel
nwy move stp
por move spa/sc
ruh move bur
sil move ber
smy move con
stp support lvn
tri move apu via convoy
tun move wes
ven support tri move apu
wal move bre via convoy
war move pru
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
apu move rom
bel support nth move hol
ber support kie
bre move gas
bul move ser
con move bul
eas move ion
eng move bre
fin support nwy move stp
gre hold
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie support ber
lon move eng
mar support spa/sc
mun support sil move ber
nth move hol
nwy move stp
pru support sil move ber
sil move ber
spa/sc support mar
tri move apu via convoy
tyr support mun
ven support tri move apu
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Turkey: army/dislodged stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move mos
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
