PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mos move sev
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun via convoy
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nth move hol
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
sil hold
ven hold
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bla support bul
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul support rum
con move aeg
den hold
gre support ser move bul
ion move eas
kie move hol
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move ukr
nap move ion
nth move hel
nrg support lon move nth
nwy hold
par move bur
por move mid
rum support bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil move mun
smy support con move aeg
spa move mar
stp move mos
swe hold
tri hold
vie move gal
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
arm move ank
bel support hel move hol
bla move ank
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur move ruh
den support kie move hel
eas convoy tun move syr
gal support bud move rum
gre move bul/sc
hel move hol
hol hold
ion convoy tun move syr
kie move hel
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support kie
nth support hel move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
pic move eng
rum support bul
ser support bud move rum
smy move eas
tri hold
tun move syr via convoy
ukr move rum
ven move rom
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
remove war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
arm move syr
bel move bur
bla move ank
bud support rum
bul move gre
den support hel move kie
eas move ion
edi move nth
eng move mid
gal support rum
gre support ser move bul
hel move kie
hol move kie
ion move nap
lon hold
mun hold
nth move ska
nwy support nth move ska
pie move ven
rom support ion move nap
ruh support hol move kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy support aeg
stp move fin
swe move bal
syr move smy
tri move ven
tys move nap
ukr move sev
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb support ion move gre
ank move arm
arm move ank
bal move ber
bud support rum
bul support ion move gre
bur move mun
den support hel move kie
fin support nwy move swe
gal move war
gre support aeg move bul
hel move kie
hol move hel
ion move gre
lon move den via convoy
mid move wes
mun support hel move kie
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bul
sev move rum
ska support lon move den
smy move syr
tri move ven
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ukr support sev move rum
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move bal
gre move ser
mun move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bal
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army par
remove sil
remove syr
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
ank move bla
ber support kie
bud move vie
bul support rum
den support edi move kie
edi move kie via convoy
fin move stp
gre support aeg move ion
hel convoy edi move kie
ion move apu
kie move hol
lon hold
mar move pie
mun support ruh move ber
nth convoy edi move kie
par move bur
rom move ven
ruh move kie
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
ska move swe
smy move eas
swe move bot
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tyr support mar move pie
ukr move rum
ven support tri move tyr
war move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
apu move nap
ber move kie
bla move sev
bot support swe move bal
bul support rum
bur move bel
den move kie
eas support ion
gre move ion
hel support kie move hol
hol move bel
ion support nap
kie move hol
lon move nwy via convoy
mos support bla move sev
mun move sil
nap hold
nth convoy lon move nwy
pie move tus
rom support nap
rum support bla move sev
ser support rum
sev support stp move mos
stp move mos
swe move bal
tri support ven
tun move ion
tyr move boh
tys support apu move nap
ukr support stp move mos
ven support rom
vie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mos move war
sev move arm
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove ber
build Army kie
build Army lon
remove ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move smy
apu support tun move ion
arm move smy
bal convoy den move ber
boh move gal
bot support nwy move stp
bul move rum
bur move mar
den move ber via convoy
eas support ion
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion support nap
kie move mun
lon move den via convoy
mos move war
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move stp
ruh move mun
rum move gal
ser move bud
sev move bla
sil support ruh move mun
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr move vie
tys support tun move ion
ven move pie
war support rum move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ion move aeg
kie disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support gre move ion
ank move smy
apu support ion move nap
arm move sev
bal convoy den move pru
ber support kie
bla move sev
boh support mun move tyr
bot support stp move lvn
bud move gal
bul move rum
den move pru via convoy
eas move smy
hel move nth
ion move nap
kie support ber
mar move pie
mos support arm move sev
mun move tyr
nth move eng
pie move tus
rum move ukr
sil move gal
stp move lvn
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ven support pie move tus
vie support bud move gal
war support bud move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tus move ven
aeg move bul/sc
ank move arm
apu support tys move nap
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
boh move vie
bot support lvn
eas move aeg
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move mid
gal support vie
ion support tys move nap
kie move ber
lon hold
lvn support pru move war
mar move gol
mos support sev
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move ven
pru move war
rom support pie move ven
rum support ukr move sev
sev hold
sil support pru move war
tus move ven
tyr support pie move ven
tys move nap
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support bul/sc move gre
apu support ven
arm support sev
bal move den
ber move sil
boh support tyr move vie
bot move bal
bul/sc move gre
gal move boh
ion move eas
lon move hol via convoy
lvn support mos
gol move tys
mid move wes
mos support war
nap hold
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move stp
pru support war
rom support ven
rum move bud
sev support ukr move mos
sil move gal
tri support adr move ven
tus support adr move ven
tyr move vie
ukr move mos
vie move tyr
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support nap move ion
bal hold
boh move vie
den hold
eas support nap move ion
gal support boh move vie
hol move kie
lon move hol via convoy
lvn support pru move war
mar move pie
mos support war move ukr
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move hol
par move bur
pru move war
rom move tus
sil move boh
stp support mos
tyr support ven move tri
tys support rom move tus
ven move tri
war move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army/dislodged tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support bud move tri
aeg support gre move ion
apu support tus move ven
arm support sev
boh move gal
bud move tri
bur move mun
con move bla
den move nth
eas support ion move aeg
gal move bud
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie move ber
mos move sev
nth move nrg
pie move gol
sev hold
smy support aeg
stp move mos
tri move ser
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr move tri
ukr support mos move sev
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ion move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove ion
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support bla move bul
alb move adr
apu support alb move adr
arm support sev
bal convoy kie move pru
ber move sil
bla move bul/ec
bud support gal move rum
eas support tun move ion
gal support ukr move rum
kie move pru via convoy
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move war
mar move pie
mos support war move ukr
mun move boh
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg support nth
par move bur
ser support tri
sev hold
smy support aeg
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr move tri
tys support tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support bul/ec
apu move ion
arm support sev
bud move ser
bul/ec hold
eas support ion move aeg
gal support rum
hol move kie
ion move aeg
gol move wes
mos support ukr
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
smy support aeg
tri support adr move alb
tys support apu move ion
ukr support rum
ven move apu
vie move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army/dislodged alb
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb disband
bul/ec move con
ion move adr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move gre
arm move ank
boh move vie
bul move con
bur move mun
con support aeg move bul
eas support ion move aeg
gal support war move ukr
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lon move hol via convoy
mar move bur
mos support ukr move sev
nth convoy lon move hol
par move pic
pie move ven
pru move war
rum support ukr move sev
ser support alb move gre
smy support aeg
tri move alb
tys move ion
ukr move sev
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy alb move smy
alb move smy via convoy
ank support smy
arm move syr
ber move kie
bur move mar
con support bul/sc
eas support alb move smy
gal support ukr move rum
gre support rum move bul
hol hold
ion convoy alb move smy
mos support sev
mun move tyr
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support ukr move rum
sil move ber
ukr move rum
ven hold
war support gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
France: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army par
remove syr
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy alb move smy
alb move smy
ank support smy
bul move con
con support smy
eas support alb move smy
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support rum
lvn move war
mos move sev
nth convoy edi move nwy
rum support gal
sev move arm
smy support con
tyr move ven
ven move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank support smy
arm move ank
bul move con
con support smy
eas move smy
nwy move stp
smy support con
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
con move bla
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: army con
England: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
remove smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: army con
England: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy alb move smy
alb move smy via convoy
ank hold
arm move ank
bla support ank
con support arm move ank
eas support alb move smy
ion convoy alb move smy
lvp move iri
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
stp move mos
ukr move sev
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
England: supply bul
England: army con
England: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
arm move ank
bla convoy ank move sev
con support arm move ank
iri move mid
mos move sev
sev move arm
smy support arm move ank
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
England: army con
England: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bre
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
England: army con
England: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
England: army con
England: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
