PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move tri
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun hold
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move boh
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun via convoy
bla move ank
boh move mun
bot move swe
bul move ser
bur hold
con move bul
eng support wal move bel
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
lvn move stp
mid move por
nth move nwy
rum hold
spa hold
tri move ser
ukr support rum
ven hold
wal move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move sil
boh move mun
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur support wal move bel
con move bul
den hold
edi move nth
eng convoy wal move bel
hol move nth
ion move adr
kie move hol
mar hold
mos move lvn
mun support ber move sil
nap move ion
nwy support edi move nth
par move pic
por move mid
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support bud move ser
tun hold
ukr move sev
ven move tri
wal move bel
war hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tun move alb
aeg support bul move gre
ank move con
boh move tyr
bud support tri
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move kie
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gas move bur
gre support aeg move ion
hol move nth
ion convoy tun move alb
kie move hol
lvn support war
mid move eng
mar hold
mun support sil move boh
nrg move bar
nwy hold
pic support bel
rum hold
sev support rum
sil move boh
swe move ska
tri hold
tun move alb via convoy
ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
aeg move eas
alb move tri
bar move nwy
bel move hol
boh move vie
bud support tri
bul move ser
bur support ruh
con move aeg
den move kie
edi move nrg
eng support nth
gre support bul move ser
hol move nth
ion hold
kie move hol
mar hold
mun move ruh
nth support bel move hol
nwy hold
pic support bel
ruh support bel move hol
rum hold
sev support rum
ska support hol move nth
smy move con
stp/nc support nwy
tyr support tri
ven support alb move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support eas move ion
alb move tri
bar move nwy
bud move vie
bur move mun
con move bul
den move kie
eas move ion
eng support nth
gre support ser
hel move hol
hol hold
kie support hel move hol
lvn move war
mar move gol
mun move ruh
nth support hol
nrg support nth
nwy hold
pic move bur
ruh support bur move mun
ser support tri
sev move ukr
ska move nth
stp/nc support nwy
tri support bud move vie
tyr move ven
ven support alb move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army/dislodged hol
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move bel
mun move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army mar
remove tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support eas move ion
alb move tri
bar move nwy
bel move hol
boh move mun
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
den support kie
eas move ion
eng support nth
gal move war
gre move alb
hol support ska move nth
ion hold
kie support hol
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun move ber
nth support bel move hol
nrg support bar move nwy
nwy hold
ruh support bel move hol
ser support gre move alb
ska move nth
stp/nc support nwy
tri support bud move vie
ukr move mos
ven support alb move tri
vie support alb move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
bar move nwy
bel support nth move hol
ber move mun
boh move mun
bud move tri
bur support ber move mun
den move kie
eng move nth
ion hold
kie move ber
mos move war
nth move hol
nrg support eng move nth
nwy hold
pie move tyr
ruh support nth move hol
rum hold
sil support kie move ber
ska move nth
stp/nc support nwy
tri support vie move bud
tys support ion
ven support tri
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ber
build Fleet edi
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
bar support nrg move nwy
bel support hol
boh move mun
bud move gal
bur support mun
edi support nth
hel move hol
hol support ruh move kie
ion move alb
kie move ruh
mun support ruh move kie
nap move ion
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
pie move tyr
pru hold
ruh move kie
rum hold
sil support boh move mun
ska support nwy
stp/nc support nwy
tri support pie move tyr
tys support ion
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion move alb
bar support nrg move nwy
boh support vie move tyr
bud move vie
bur support tyr move mun
edi support nth
hel move hol
hol move kie
ion move alb
kie move ber
mun move ber
nap move ion
nth move den
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
pru support sil move ber
ruh support hol move kie
rum hold
sil move ber
ska move den
stp/nc support nwy
tri support bud move ser
tyr move mun
tys support nap move ion
ven support tri
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove hol
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move gre
bar support nth move nwy
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh move vie
bud support tri move ser
bur support mun
edi move nth
ion support alb move gre
kie move ber
mun hold
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy hold
pie move tyr
pru move ber
ruh support mun
sil move mun
ska move den
stp/nc support nwy
tri move ser
tyr support boh move vie
tys support ion
ven support pie move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move swe
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tys move ion
bar support nwy
ber move kie
boh support sil
bud move rum
bur support mun
den move nth
gal hold
gre support ion move aeg
hol hold
ion move aeg
kie support nth move hel
mun hold
nth move hel
nrg move nth
nwy hold
pru support ber
ruh support mun
ser support ven move tri
sil move mun
stp/nc hold
swe move nwy
tyr move pie
ven move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
aeg move con
bar support nwy
ber hold
bud move gal
bur support mun
den hold
gal move boh
gre move bul/sc
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
kie move bal
lon support nrg move nth
mar move gol
mun move ber
nap move ion
nrg move nth
nwy hold
pie move tyr
pru support ber
ruh support hol move kie
ser support gre move bul
sil move mun
stp/nc move nwy
swe support den
tri support pie move tyr
tys move wes
ven support tri
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
bal support nwy move swe
bar move nwy
ber support den move kie
boh move mun
bul/sc move con
bur support mun
con move ank
den move kie
gal move ukr
hel move den
ion move tun
kie support hel move den
lon move eng
mun support kie
nth support hel move den
nwy move swe
pru move war
ruh support mun
rum move bul/ec
ser move bud
sil support ber
stp/nc hold
swe support den
tri support ser move bud
tyr move vie
ven move pie
vie move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army/dislodged kie
Russia: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army/dislodged swe
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hol
swe move fin
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove gal
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
ank hold
bal hold
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bud move vie
bul/ec move con
bur support mun
con move aeg
den support hol move kie
edi move nrg
eng move mid
fin support stp/nc move nwy
hol move kie
gol move wes
mar move pie
mun support vie move boh
nap move tys
nth move hel
pie support ven move tyr
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sil support ber move mun
stp/nc move nwy
swe support nwy
tri support bud move vie
tun support nap move tys
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
France: army/dislodged vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move ion
ank move con
bal support kie move ber
ber support sil move mun
boh support sil move mun
bur support mun
con move smy
den support hel move kie
fin move nwy
gal move rum
hel move kie
kie move ber
gol support wes
mid move naf
mar support gol
mun move boh
nrg move bar
nwy hold
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh support mun
sil move mun
stp/nc support nwy
swe support nwy
tri move bud
tun move wes
tus move gol
tyr support sil move mun
tys support tus move gol
vie move bud
wes support gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army sev
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
bal move ber
bar move stp/nc
ber move kie
boh support mun
bur move mar
con hold
den move kie
fin move nwy
hel support den move kie
ion move tun
kie move ruh
gol move mar
mar move gol
mun move bur
naf support wes move tun
nwy support bar move stp
pie support gol move mar
pru support ber
ruh move bel
rum move sev
sev move rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mar move gol
stp/nc hold
swe move fin
tri move ser
tun move wes
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tun move wes
ven support tyr
vie move bud
wes support mar move gol
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move ion
bal move bot
bar support nwy move stp
bel support bur
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud support sev move rum
bur support mar
con move bul/sc
fin move nwy
hel support kie
kie hold
gol move mar
mid support naf move wes
mar support spa/sc
mun move bur
naf move wes
nwy move stp/nc
pie support gol move mar
pru support ber
ruh move mun
rum move gal
ser move bul
sev move rum
stp/nc hold
swe support nwy
tun support tys move wes
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ven move tus
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove lon
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bar support swe move nwy
bel move bur
ber move kie
boh support mun
bot move fin
bud move vie
bur move gas
con move aeg
gal move ukr
hel support kie
ion move tun
kie hold
mid support spa/sc
mar support wes move gol
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
naf move wes
nwy support mos move stp
pie support mar
pru move lvn
rom move tus
ruh support bel move bur
rum hold
ser move bud
spa/sc support naf move wes
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tun support wes
tus move ven
tyr support mun
tys support tun move wes
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move ion
bar support stp/nc
ber move kie
boh support mun
bud move gal
bur move mar
fin move bot
gal move war
gas support bur move mar
hel support kie
ion move tun
kie hold
lvn support gal move war
gol support mar
mid support spa/sc
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move bur
nwy support stp/nc
pie support mar
ruh move mun
rum move sev
spa/sc support bur move mar
stp/nc hold
tun move wes
tus support gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tun move wes
ukr move war
ven hold
vie move boh
wes move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army par
remove vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bar support stp/nc
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bot move bal
bre support mid
bur move bel
gal move ukr
gas support mar
hel move hol
ion move tun
kie support mun move ber
lvn move pru
gol support wes move spa
mid support spa/sc
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move ber
nwy move nth
par move bur
pie move mar
rum move sev
spa/sc support mar
stp/nc hold
tun move naf
tus move tys
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support rum move sev
ven move tyr
war support gal move ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
England: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
England: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
bar support stp/nc
bel move hol
ber support bur move mun
bre support mid
bur move mun
edi move bel
gas support mar
hol support edi move bel
ion move tys
kie support ber
gol support wes move spa
mid support spa/sc
mar support bur
mos move lvn
mun support pru move ber
naf move mid
nth convoy edi move bel
pie move mar
pru move ber
rum move bud
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc hold
tun support tys move wes
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr move gal
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
Russia: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
England: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army edi
remove lvn
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
bar move nrg
bel move ruh
ber move mun
boh move mun
bre support mid
bud move gal
gal move boh
gas support por move spa
hol support kie
kie support ber
lon move nwy
gol move spa/sc
mid support por move spa
mar support por move spa
mun move bur
naf support spa/sc move mid
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move nwy
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh support mun move bur
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move bar
tun support wes
tus move gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys support wes
ven move pie
war move lvn
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move iri
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie
bar move stp/nc
bel move ruh
ber hold
boh hold
bre move mid
bur move mar
edi move den
gal move war
gas support spa/sc
hol support kie
ion move tun
iri support nrg move nat
kie hold
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move gas
mar move pie
naf move mid
nth convoy edi move den
nrg move nat
pie support bur move mar
ruh move kie
sil support ber
spa/sc move gol
tun move naf
tus move gol
tyr hold
tys hold
ven move tus
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove gas
build Army mos
build Army sev
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy den move ber
bar support nwy move stp
ber hold
boh hold
bre support por move mid
den move ber
ion move tun
iri support por move mid
kie support den move ber
lvn move stp
gol hold
mid move por
mar move gas
mos support lvn move stp
mun move bur
naf move mid
nth move eng
nwy move stp
pie move mar
por move mid
ruh support mun move bur
sev move ukr
sil support ber
spa/sc support mid move por
tun move naf
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys hold
war move pru
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie
bar support nwy move stp
bel support hol
ber hold
boh move mun
bre support nat move mid
bur move par
den support kie
edi move yor
eng support nat move mid
gas move bre
hol support bel
ion move tys
iri support nat move mid
kie hold
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mos support lvn move stp
mun move bur
naf move mid
nat move mid
nwy move stp
pru support ber
ruh support mun move bur
sil support ber
spa/sc move por
tys move gol
ukr move war
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove iri
build Army ven
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal support den move kie
bar support nwy move stp
ber support pru
bre move gas
bur move pic
den move kie
eng support mid
gas move bre
ion move tun
kie move hel
lvn move stp
gol hold
mid move naf
mar move gas
mos support lvn move stp
mun move bur
naf move mid
nwy move stp
par support gas move bre
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh support mun move bur
sil move mun
spa/sc support naf move mid
tun move naf
tys hold
ven move pie
war move sil
wes support naf move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move iri
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie
bel support hol
ber move kie
bre support par move pic
bur support pic move bel
eng move mid
gas move spa
hel move nth
hol support kie
iri support eng move mid
kie support hol
lvn move stp
gol hold
mid move eng
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber move kie
naf move mid
nwy move swe
par move pic
pic move bel
pie hold
pru support sil move ber
ruh move hol
sil move ber
spa/sc move por
tun move naf
tys hold
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove eng
remove iri
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army sev
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre move pic
bur support pic move bel
gol hold
mid move nat
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
naf support wes move mid
nap move tys
pic move bel
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
pru move ber
rom hold
ruh support bel move hol
sev move mos
sil support pru move ber
spa hold
stp move fin
swe move fin
tun hold
tys move wes
ven move pie
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Russia: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move hel
kie move den
mid move iri
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support swe move stp
bel support hol
ber support kie
bot convoy swe move stp
bur hold
gas move par
hol support kie
iri move lvp
kie hold
lon move nwy
lvn support mos move stp
gol hold
mid move bre
mar hold
mos move stp
mun support kie
naf move mid
nat move lvp
nth convoy lon move nwy
pic hold
pie hold
por move spa/nc
rom move tus
ruh support hol
sev move mos
sil move pru
spa move gas
stp move fin
swe move stp
tun move naf
tys hold
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove hel
build Fleet nap
remove nth
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bot support swe move fin
bre move eng
fin move nwy
gas move bre
iri move wal
kie move den
lvn support stp/nc
gol move spa/sc
mid move iri
mos support stp/nc
mun move sil
naf support wes move mid
nap move tys
ruh move kie
sev move ukr
spa/nc move gas
stp/nc support fin move nwy
swe move fin
tys move wes
wes move mid
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move swe
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support swe move stp
bel move lon via convoy
bot convoy swe move stp
bre hold
bur hold
eng convoy bel move lon
fin support swe move stp
gas support naf move mid
hol hold
iri support wal move lvp
kie move den
mid move iri
mar hold
mos support stp/nc
naf move mid
nwy move fin
par hold
pic hold
pie hold
spa/sc move por
stp/nc move bar
swe move stp
tus hold
tys hold
wal move lvp
wes hold
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bot
remove den
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support fin move nwy
bre move pic
bur move mar
eng move nth
fin move nwy
gas move bre
hol hold
iri support mid move nat
kie move den
lon move yor
lvn move stp
lvp move cly
mid move nat
mar move spa
mos support lvn move stp
naf move mid
nwy support lvn move stp
par hold
pic move bur
pie hold
por support naf move mid
pru move lvn
stp support fin move nwy
tus hold
tys hold
wes hold
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
England: fleet/dislodged nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move swe
stp move fin
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bre move eng
bur hold
cly move nrg
den support swe
fin move swe
hol hold
iri convoy tus move lvp
lvn support stp
mid convoy tus move lvp
mar move gas
mos support stp
nat support cly move nrg
nth move ska
nwy support fin move swe
par hold
pic hold
pie move mar
por hold
spa hold
stp hold
swe hold
tus move lvp via convoy
tys convoy tus move lvp
wes convoy tus move lvp
yor move edi
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
