PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move war
mun move tyr
nap move tys
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
arm move sev
ber move sil
bot move swe
bul hold
edi move den via convoy
gas move bur
hol move bel
mid move spa/sc
mun move tyr
nth convoy edi move den
nrg move nwy
rom move tus
rum support arm move sev
sev hold
sil move boh
spa move por
tri move ser
tys move tun
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla convoy con move sev
bre move mid
bud support rum move gal
bur move ruh
con move sev via convoy
den hold
edi move nrg
gre move alb
kie move ruh
lon move eng
nap move tys
nth support lon move eng
nwy hold
par move pic
por move spa
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move ukr
sil move war
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
tri move tyr
tun support nap move tys
tus hold
ven move pie
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb move adr
bel move eng
bla move rum
bud move ser
bul support bla move rum
bur move bel
den move swe
eng move iri
gal support vie move boh
kie move hol
mid move bre
nth move eng
nrg move nat
nwy support den move swe
pic support bur move bel
pie move tyr
sev move mos
spa move mar
tri support tyr move ven
tun support tys move ion
tus move ven
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ukr support sev move mos
vie move boh
wes hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
aeg move gre
bel support pic move bur
ber move sil
boh move vie
bre move gas
bul move rum
con hold
gal move war
hol move bel
iri move mid
kie move mun
lon move eng
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
nat support iri move mid
nth support lon move eng
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bur
rum move bla
ser move gre
smy move eas
swe move fin
tri move apu via convoy
ukr support gal move war
ven move rom
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support eas move ion
apu move nap
bla convoy con move sev
con move sev via convoy
eas move ion
eng support hol move bel
fin move stp
hol move bel
mid move wes
mos move lvn
mun move bur
nat move mid
nth support hol move bel
nwy support fin move stp
pru support sil move war
rom support apu move nap
rum move ukr
ser move gre
sil move war
ukr move mos
vie move tyr
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bre hold
bud move vie
bur support mun move ruh
eng move iri
gal move sil
gas move spa/nc
gre move alb
ion move tys
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvn move pru
mid hold
mos support ukr move war
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nth support lon move eng
nwy support stp
pic support bre
pru move lvn
rom move ven
ruh move kie
sev support mos
spa move mar
tri move tyr
tun move wes
ukr move war
ven move adr
vie move boh
war support pru move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
alb move tri
bel move pic
bla hold
boh support sil move mun
bre move mid
bur move par
eng support mid move bre
gal move vie
hol move kie
ion move nap
iri move mid
kie move ber
lvn support war
mid move bre
mar move spa
mos support war
nth move den
pic move par
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support hol move kie
sev move rum
sil move mun
spa/nc move por
tun move wes
tyr support sil move mun
tys support tun move wes
ven move pie
vie hold
war hold
wes support iri move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
bre move gas
wes disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
apu move nap
bla convoy ank move sev
boh support mun
bre support mid
bur move bel
con move bul
den hold
eng support bre
gas move bre
kie support ruh move mun
lon move nth
lvn support war move pru
lvp move iri
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move tys
nwy support stp
pic move par
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
pru move sil
ruh move mun
rum move gal
spa move mar
stp hold
tri move vie
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys move gol
vie move gal
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
boh support mun
bre support nat move mid
den move bal
eng support bre
gas support mid move bre
iri support nat move mid
kie support ruh move mun
lvn move stp
gol move wes
mid move bre
mos move war
mun support pru move ber
nat move mid
nap hold
nth move den
nwy support stp
par support mid move bre
pie move mar
por move mid
pru move ber
ruh move mun
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil move ber
spa move mar
stp hold
tri move ven
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys move gol
vie support rum move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
remove bul
build Army mar
build Army tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
boh support mun
bre support por move mid
den support kie
eng support mid move bre
gal move sil
gas support bre
iri move mid
kie move ber
lvn support mos move stp
gol hold
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support pru move ber
nap move tys
nwy support stp
par support bre
pic support mid move bre
por move mid
pru move ber
ruh support bel move bur
sil support kie move ber
stp hold
tri move vie
tyr support mun
ven move rom
vie move gal
war support gal move sil
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
sil move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bre support mid
bur support ruh move mun
den support kie
eng support pic
gal move boh
gas support bre
iri support nat move mid
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support mos move stp
gol move wes
mid support bre
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move kie
nat move mid
nwy support stp
par support bre
pic support eng
pru move sil
ruh move mun
sil support ber
spa hold
stp hold
tyr support boh move mun
war support sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove pru
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move mun
bur move mun
den support kie
eng support pic move bre
gal move boh
iri support eng
kie move ber
lvn support mos move stp
gol move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move bur
nat move mid
nwy support stp
pic move bre
pie move mar
rom move tun via convoy
ruh support bur move mun
sil support boh move mun
tus move pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys convoy rom move tun
war hold
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre support nat move mid
den support kie
eng support bre
gal move sil
gas move bre
iri support nat move mid
lvn support mos move stp
mid support gas move bre
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nat move mid
nwy support stp
par support mar move bur
pie move mar
sev move ukr
sil move ber
spa/sc move por
tun hold
tus move spa via convoy
tyr support mun
tys convoy tus move spa
vie move gal
war hold
wes convoy tus move spa
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove gas
build Army lon
remove par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh move sil
bre move gas
bud move ser
bur move ruh
den support kie
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move boh
iri support mid
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support mos move stp
mid hold
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support bur move ruh
nwy support stp
por support wes move spa
sil move ber
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp hold
tri move adr
tun move naf
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr move war
vie move tri
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army/dislodged spa
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa move mar
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
bel hold
ber move kie
boh move mun
bre support mid
bur move par
den support kie
eng support bel
gal move vie
iri support mid
lvn support mos move stp
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun move ruh
naf hold
nwy support stp
por support wes move mid
pru move ber
ruh move hol
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp hold
tri move ven
tyr move pie
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel support kie move hol
ber move kie
bre move mid
den move kie
eng support bre move mid
gas move bre
hol move bel
ion move tys
iri support bre move mid
kie move hol
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move nat
mid move gas
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
naf hold
nwy support stp
par support gas move bre
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
ruh support ber move kie
sil move ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp hold
tri move tyr
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support hol
ber support kie
boh move mun
bre hold
den move kie
eng support gas move bre
gas move bre
iri support nat move mid
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun move bur
nat move mid
nap move tys
nwy support stp
par support bre
pic support gas move bre
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
ruh move bel
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp hold
tyr move ven
tys move gol
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bel support pic
ber support kie
bre move mid
bur move bel
den move kie
eng support bre move mid
gas support mid move bre
ion move tys
iri support bre move mid
kie support ruh move hol
lvn support mos move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nat support bre move mid
nwy support stp
par support mid move bre
pic support bel
por move spa/nc
ruh move hol
sil move mun
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
tys move wes
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber move kie
bur move bel
den move kie
eng support pic move bre
gas move bre
hol move ruh
iri support mid
kie move hol
lvn support mos move stp
gol move wes
mid support pic move bre
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nat support mid
nwy support stp
par support gas move bre
pic move bre
por support wes move mid
ruh support kie move hol
sil move ber
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp hold
tri move adr
tys move gol
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel move bur
ber support kie
bur move pic
den move kie
eng support pic move bre
gas move bre
hol support ruh move bel
iri support mid
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
gol move spa/sc
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
naf move tun
nat support mid
nwy support stp
par support bur move pic
pic move bre
pie move mar
por move spa/nc
ruh move bel
spa/sc move por
stp hold
tys move wes
wes move naf
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support pic
ber support kie
bre support mid
den move kie
eng support mid
gas move bre
iri support mid
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
gol move wes
mid hold
mar move gas
mos move stp
naf support wes move mid
nat support mid
nwy support stp
par support gas move bre
pic support gas move bre
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support kie
bre hold
den move kie
eng support mid
gas support bre
ion move tys
iri support mid
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
gol move wes
mid hold
mar support gas
mos move stp
naf support wes move mid
nat support mid
nwy support stp
par support bre
pic support bre
por move spa/nc
spa/sc move por
stp hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move kie
eng support mid
iri support mid
mid hold
nat support mid
nwy support stp
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
