PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
hol move bel
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move den
lon hold
mun move bur
nap move tun via convoy
nth move bel
ser move gre
sev move rum
stp move nwy
tri hold
ukr support sev move rum
ven hold
wal move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bre move eng
bud support vie move gal
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
hol support bur move bel
ion convoy tun move alb
kie move hel
lon move eng
mar support par move bur
mun move tyr
nth support lon move eng
nwy move fin
par move bur
rom move tys
rum move bla
ser support bul move gre
sev support rum move bla
smy move aeg
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun move alb via convoy
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move gal
wal move lon
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb support ven move tri
ank move bla
bel support hol
bla support rum move bul
bre support bur move pic
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move pic
den hold
eng support lon move bel
fin move swe
gal move war
gre move alb
hel move nth
hol support bel
ion move tys
lon move bel via convoy
mar move spa
nth support lon move bel
nwy support hel move nth
rum move bul
ser support bud move rum
sev move arm
stp move mos
tri hold
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move edi
rum move sev
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Army smy
remove swe
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ven move tri
ank support smy move arm
arm support bla move ank
bel move hol
bla move ank
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support rum
con support ank
den move kie
edi hold
eng convoy lon move bre
gal support bud move rum
gre move alb
hol move bel
kie move hel
lon move bre via convoy
mar support pic move bur
mos move war
mun move boh
nth support hol move bel
nwy move nrg
pic move bur
rum move sev
ser support tri
sev move rum
smy move arm
tri hold
tys move wes
ukr move gal
ven move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank support smy move arm
arm move bla
bel move edi via convoy
bla move rum
boh move vie
bud move vie
bul support con
bur move ruh
con move bla
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move ukr
gre move alb
hel support nth
hol move bel
kie move mun
lon move bre via convoy
mar move spa
nth convoy bel move edi
nrg support bel move edi
rum support gal move ukr
ser support gre move alb
sev support bla move rum
smy move arm
spa move por
tri support gre move alb
tys move tun
ukr support bla move rum
ven support alb move tri
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
edi disband
tri move adr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army stp
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel support nth move eng
boh support war move gal
bre move mid
bud support gal move vie
bul support ser move rum
con support ank move bla
edi move lvp
eng move iri
gal move vie
hel move hol
kie move ruh
lon hold
mar support por move spa
mos move sev
mun support kie move ruh
nap move apu
nth move eng
nrg move nat
par move bre
por move spa
ruh move bur
rum move bul/ec
ser move rum
sev move rum
stp move lvn
tri move vie
tun move ion
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tri
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move adr
arm move sev
bel support eng
boh move vie
bud support vie
eng move bre
gal move bud
hol move nth
ion move eas
iri support mid move nat
lon hold
lvn move war
lvp hold
mid move nat
mar support bur
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
ruh move bur
rum move bla
ser move tri
sev move rum
spa move gas
tri move ser
tun move ion
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tri
vie hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Russia: fleet/dislodged nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nat move nrg
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
remove lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support ser move tri
arm move syr
bel move eng
bla support bul move rum
boh support tri move vie
bre move pic
bud support vie
bul move rum
bur support bre move pic
con move aeg
eas move smy
eng move wal
gal support boh move vie
gas move bre
ion move aeg
iri move mid
kie move ruh
lvp move yor
mar support bur
mos move sev
mun support kie move ruh
nat move mid
nth support bel move eng
nrg move nat
ruh move bel
rum move bla
ser move tri
sev move rum
tri support boh move vie
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
vie hold
war support gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move gre
bel move pic
bla move arm
boh support tri move vie
bre support pic
bud support vie move tri
bur move bel
con support syr move smy
eng move mid
gal support ukr move rum
ion move aeg
iri move mid
mar support bur
mos hold
mun move bur
nat move mid
nth move eng
nrg move nat
pic support bur move bel
ruh support bel
rum move sev
ser support vie move tri
sev move arm
smy move con
syr move smy
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ukr move rum
vie move tri
wal move lvp
war move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
smy move eas
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove iri
build Army par
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
bel move bur
bla move arm
boh support tyr move vie
bre support pic
bud move rum
bul support ser
bur move gas
con support smy
eas support aeg move smy
eng move mid
gal move bud
gre move alb
hol move bel
lvp support nrg move nat
mar move spa
mos move ukr
nat move mid
nth support hol move bel
par support bel move bur
pic support bel move bur
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bla
ser support bud move rum
sev support ukr move rum
tri support gal move bud
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move gre
arm move ank
bel hold
bla move con
boh move mun
bre support par move gas
bud support ukr move rum
bul support alb move gre
bur move mun
con support smy
eas support aeg move smy
eng move mid
gas move spa
ion move gre
lvp support nrg move nat
mos move sev
nat move mid
nth support bel
nrg move nat
par move gas
pic support bur
ruh support bel
ser move tri
sev move arm
smy hold
spa move mar
tri move alb
ukr move rum
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: fleet/dislodged nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nat disband
smy disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm support sev move ank
bel support ruh move bur
bla convoy sev move ank
boh move tyr
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur support pic
con support ank move bla
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move bud
gas move spa
gre support bul move ser
kie move ruh
lon move bre via convoy
lvp move iri
mar support gas move spa
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nat move mid
nth move lon
pic support bur
ruh move bur
rum support bud move ser
sev move ank
spa move por
tri move ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel move pic
bla move ank
bud move tri
bul support gre
bur move par
con support bla move ank
eng support bel move pic
gal support sev move rum
gre hold
mid move spa/sc
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun support bur
par support mar move bur
pic support mar move bur
por support mid move spa
ruh move bel
rum move ser
sev move rum
spa move gas
tyr move pie
ven move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove gas
build Army kie
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move syr
bel move pic
ber move mun
bre support pic move par
bud support gal move vie
bur move ruh
eng move mid
gal move vie
iri support eng move mid
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mun move bur
pic move par
pie move mar
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev move arm
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ser
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
par move gas
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move smy
ber move sil
bre support par
bud move tri
bur move mar
gal support vie
gas support bur move mar
iri move mid
kie move ruh
mid move naf
mar hold
mun move bur
nwy move nrg
par support bre
pic move bel
rum support ser
ser support bud move tri
sev move arm
syr support arm move smy
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
vie support bud move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move pie
tri move ven
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gas
remove mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet sev
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support smy move ank
bel move hol
bre support por move gas
bur move mar
eng move lon
gal move bud
mid convoy por move gas
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nrg move nat
par move bur
pie support bur move mar
por move gas via convoy
ruh move kie
rum support ser
ser support tri move alb
sev move bla
sil move boh
smy move ank
spa/sc hold
syr move smy
tri move alb
ven move rom
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
arm move ank
bla support rum move bul
boh move tyr
bre move pic
bud move vie
bur move ruh
hol move kie
kie move ber
lon move nth
naf move tun
nat move mid
pie move tus
rom move ven
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
smy support ank move con
spa/sc move wes
tri hold
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move con
bul move ser
con move smy
gal support vie
kie move den
mid move iri
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nat move nrg
nth move edi
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser move tri
sev move bla
smy move syr
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
tus support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move con
boh support tyr
bot move swe
bud support vie
con move aeg
iri move lvp
mun move sil
rom move nap
ser support tri
stp move nwy
tus move rom
tyr support ven
tys move nap
ven support tus move rom
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Austria: army/dislodged rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
