PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
eng convoy wal move bre
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move den
nap move tun
nth move nwy
pic move bre
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
ukr support war move gal
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bot move swe
bre support par move pic
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
den move swe
eng move mid
gal hold
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
lon move eng
mar move bur
mun hold
nap move tys
par move pic
rum hold
ser move gre
smy move aeg
spa hold
tri move tyr
tun hold
ukr support gal
ven move apu
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move eas
apu move ven
bel move lon
ber move pru
bot move swe
bre hold
bud move ser
bul hold
bur move bel
con support bul
den move swe
eng support mid move bre
gal move boh
hol move bel
ion move eas
kie move ber
mid move bre
mun hold
pic support bre
rum hold
ser move gre
sil hold
smy hold
spa hold
tun hold
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ukr move war
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move bla
bel hold
ber hold
boh move sil
bot move bal
bre hold
bud move rum
bul hold
bur move ruh
con support bul
den move swe
eas convoy tun move syr
eng move nth
gre move bul
hol move kie
ion convoy tun move syr
mid move eng
mun support sil move ber
nwy support eng move nth
pic support bre
pru move lvn
ser support gre move bul
sil move ber
spa move por
tun move syr
ven move pie
vie hold
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move den
bel move hol
ber hold
bla support con move bul
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support aeg move con
con move bul
eas support syr move smy
eng move nth
ion move tys
kie support pru move ber
lvn move mos
mos move stp
mun support ruh move kie
nth move hol
nwy move swe
pic move bur
pie move mar
por move spa
pru move ber
ruh move kie
rum support con move bul
ser support bul
sil move war
smy hold
swe hold
syr move smy
vie move gal
wal move yor
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move hel
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove hel
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber hold
bla move ank
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur move mar
con support smy move ank
den move swe
eas move ion
eng move bel
gal move ukr
kie move hol
mid move gas
mos hold
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nth support eng move bel
pru move bal
rum hold
ser move rum
sev move ukr
smy move ank
spa support bur move mar
stp move mos
swe move fin
tri move ser
tys move gol
ven move pie
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank hold
bal move swe
ber hold
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
con hold
fin support bal move swe
gal support rum move ukr
gas move mid
ion move tun
kie move den
lvn move war
gol support pie move mar
mar hold
mos hold
nth move den
nwy support swe
pic move par
pie move mar
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev support stp move mos
spa support mar
stp move mos
swe hold
tys move wes
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army lon
remove lvn
build Fleet nap
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal move den
bel move hol
ber move sil
boh move sil
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur support mar
con hold
gal support boh move sil
kie move mun
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mar hold
mos move ukr
nap move tys
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move nrg
par move bre
pie move mar
rum support ukr
sev support mos move ukr
spa support mar
stp move fin
swe hold
tun move naf
ukr hold
vie move boh
war hold
wes support tun move naf
yor move nwy
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support rum move sev
ber move sil
boh support sil move mun
bre hold
bur move par
con move bla
den hold
fin move swe
gal move war
lon move bel
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar support spa
mos move lvn
mun support ber move sil
naf move mid
nth convoy lon move bel
nrg move nat
pie move mar
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev move mos
sil move mun
spa support mar
swe move bal
tys move gol
ukr move mos
vie support boh
war support ber move sil
wes support gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove kie
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bal support swe move den
bel move ruh
bla move con
boh move sil
bre hold
bud move gal
den move nth
gal move war
hol move hel
lon move eng
lvn move mos
gol support pie move mar
mid move bre
mar support spa
mun support boh move sil
naf support wes move mid
nat move iri
par support mid move bre
pie move mar
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil support war
spa support mar
swe move den
tys move wes
ukr support gal move war
vie move boh
war support lvn move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged bre
France: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
sil move ber
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
bal move swe
ber move pru
boh support mun
bre move mid
con move bul/sc
den hold
eng support iri move mid
gal support war
hel move kie
iri move mid
lvn move stp
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa
mun support sil move ber
naf move mid
par move bre
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru move lvn
ruh move bel
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil move ber
spa support mar
ukr support sev move mos
war support sev move mos
wes support mid move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
spa move por
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
remove lvn
build Fleet nap
remove pic
remove por
remove pru
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bud move ser
bul/sc hold
den move swe
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move sil
kie hold
lon move bel
gol move mar
mid move spa/nc
mar move spa
mos hold
mun move bur
naf support spa/sc move mid
nap move tys
nth move den
nwy move swe
par move bur
ruh support kie
sev hold
spa/sc move mid
swe move fin
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie hold
war move lvn
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move iri
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber support den move kie
boh move sil
bre support iri move mid
den move swe
eng support iri move mid
fin support stp
gas support par move bur
iri move mid
kie move den
lvn support nwy move stp
mid hold
mar move spa/sc
mos support nwy move stp
mun support den move kie
naf support mid
nth convoy nwy move bel
nwy move bel
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh move kie
sil move pru
spa move por
stp hold
tys hold
vie move boh
wes support mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army rom
remove swe
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move bur
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bre support iri move mid
den move bal
eng support iri move mid
fin support stp
gas move bur
iri move mid
kie hold
lon move nth
lvn move stp
mid convoy por move gas
mar support por move gas
mos support lvn move stp
mun move bur
naf support mid
nth move nrg
por move gas
rom move ven
ruh support kie
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support mid
stp hold
tys move ion
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes support mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm hold
bal move den
bel move bur
ber support sil move mun
boh support sil move mun
bre hold
bul/sc move gre
eng support iri move mid
fin support stp
gas move par
ion hold
iri move mid
lvn move stp
mid hold
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ruh
naf support mid
nrg move nat
pru support ber
ser move tri
sil move mun
spa/sc move por
stp hold
ven hold
vie move tri
war move sil
wes support mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army rom
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel move bur
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bre support iri move mid
den support kie
eng support iri move mid
fin support stp
gre move bul/sc
iri move mid
kie hold
lvn move stp
mid move gas
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun support mar move bur
naf move mid
nat support iri move mid
nth move hol
par support mar move bur
por support wes move mid
pru move ber
ser move tri
sil move mun
stp hold
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move gal
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move bur
ber move kie
bre move gas
bul/sc move gre
bur move ruh
den support kie
eng move pic
fin support stp
gas move bre
hol support kie
ion hold
kie hold
lvn move stp
mid support bre
mos support lvn move stp
mun support bur move ruh
naf move mid
nat move iri
par support gas move bre
por support naf move mid
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh support bel move bur
ser move tri
sil support pru move ber
stp hold
ven move pie
vie move tri
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
England: army/dislodged ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move eng
mid move nat
ruh move bel
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove eng
build Army nap
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
bel move ruh
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre move pic
bur support bel move ruh
den support kie
fin support stp
hol support kie
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie hold
lvn move stp
mid move iri
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ruh move bur
nat support iri move mid
par support bre move pic
pic move eng
pie move mar
por move mid
pru move ber
ruh move bur
sil support pru move ber
stp hold
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
England: army/dislodged bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move bel
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank hold
bel hold
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bul/sc move gre
bur support mun move ruh
den support kie
eng support nat move mid
fin support stp
hol support kie
iri support nat move mid
kie hold
lvn move stp
mid move eng
mar support bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ruh
nat move mid
par support pic
pic support mid move eng
por move mid
pru move ber
ruh support bel
ser move tri
sil move mun
stp hold
ven hold
vie move tri
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move kie
boh move mun
bur support pic move bel
den support kie
eng support wes move mid
fin support stp
hol support kie
kie hold
lvn move stp
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber move kie
par move pic
pic move bel
por move mid
pru move ber
ruh support pic move bel
stp hold
tys move ion
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank hold
bel support ruh move hol
ber move kie
boh move mun
bul/sc move gre
bur hold
eng convoy pic move lon
fin support stp
hol hold
ion hold
lvn move stp
mid support eng
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ruh
nap hold
pic move lon
pie move mar
pru move sil
ruh move hol
ser move tri
stp hold
ven hold
vie move tri
wes support mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Italy: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move nth
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank hold
bel hold
ber move kie
bul/sc support alb move gre
bur support bel
den move nth
eng move wal
fin support stp
gal move boh
hol support ber move kie
ion hold
iri move lvp
lon move yor
lvn move stp
mid hold
mar support bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber move kie
nap move rom
nth move edi
rom move tys
ruh support hol
ser support tri move alb
sil support mun
stp hold
tri move alb
wes support mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
bel move eng
bur move bel
fin support stp
kie move den
lvn move stp
mid move nat
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ruh
nth move nwy
rom move tus
ruh support hol
ser move tri
stp hold
tys move tun
vie move tri
wal support yor move lvp
wes move mid
yor move lvp
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvp disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
remove nwy
build Army rom
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel support bur
boh move tyr
bul/sc move con
bur support bel
eng move lon
fin support stp
gre move aeg
hol move bel
kie move den
lvn move mos
lvp move cly
mid hold
mos move sev
mun move bur
nat move nrg
nap support ion
rom move tus
ruh support mun move bur
ser support vie move tri
sev move arm
sil move mun
stp hold
tri move adr
tun support ion
tus move pie
ven hold
vie move tri
wal move eng
wes move tys
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: army/dislodged bur
Italy: army cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: army cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move smy
ank move smy
arm move ank
bur move par
cly move edi
con support arm move ank
eng support bel
fin hold
gre move ion
hol move bel
ion move apu
kie move den
lon move nth
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support ruh move bur
nap support tun move ion
pie support ven
ruh move bur
ser move bud
sev move ukr
stp hold
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus support ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys support tun move ion
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: army cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove cly
build Army vie
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
aeg move eas
ank move smy
apu support ion move adr
bel move ruh
bud move vie
bur move gas
con move aeg
eng move nth
fin hold
gre move ion
ion move adr
mid move bre
mar move gas
mun move bur
nap support tys move ion
nth move hel
par support bur move gas
pie move tyr
stp hold
tri move ven
tus support ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move ion
ukr move war
ven support pie move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet/dislodged adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
alb support tri
apu support ion
boh support tyr
bur move mun
den move kie
eas support aeg move ion
edi move cly
fin hold
gas move spa
gre support alb
hel support den move kie
hol support kie
ion hold
kie support hol
mar hold
nap support ion
nth move hol
par move bur
pie move tyr
ruh move mun
stp hold
tri support alb
tus support adr move ven
tyr support tri
ven support adr move tri
vie support tri
war move sil
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Austria: army/dislodged kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
