PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon hold
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move bla
apu move ven
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den move hel
gal support sev move rum
ion move gre
lon support nth
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move ruh
nth convoy yor move bel
pru hold
sev move rum
stp move nwy
tri move bud
tyr move vie
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Army lvp
build Army mar
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support vie move tri
ank move bla
apu move ven
bla move rum
bre move eng
bud support gal move vie
bul support bla move rum
bur move pic
con support bul
gal move vie
hel move hol
ion move tun
lon move nth
mar move bur
nth move hol
nwy move swe
por move mid
pru move sil
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser move bud
sev support rum
spa move gas
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move arm
bel move hol
bla support ser move rum
bud support ven move tri
bul support ser move rum
bur move mun
con support bul
eng move bel
gal move rum
gas move bur
hel move den
nth move hol
nwy move nrg
pic support eng move bel
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev move arm
sil move boh
ska move nwy
swe move den
tri support adr move ven
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
yor move wal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army/dislodged bel
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
tri move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ven move tri
ank support bla
bel support bre move eng
bla move sev
bre move eng
bud support tri
bul support rum
bur move mun
con support bul
gal move rum
hel move den
mid move iri
mar move gol
mun move ber
nap move apu
nth move den
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
pic move bur
ruh move hol
rum support bla move sev
sev support gal move rum
swe move den
tri support tyr move ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
ven move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move adr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
ank move arm
apu move adr
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
bla move sev
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
eng support bel
gal support ukr move rum
hel move den
hol move kie
ion support apu move adr
iri move lvp
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mun move kie
nth support swe move den
nrg move edi
rum move bud
sev support ukr move rum
swe move den
tri support bud move ser
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
remove hel
remove hol
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
arm support bla move sev
bel support eng move nth
ber move sil
bla move sev
bre move eng
bul hold
den move kie
edi move nth
eng move nth
gal move sil
gre support bul
hol move bel
ion move eas
kie support ruh move hol
lon move eng
lvp move cly
mar move bur
mos support sev
nap move ion
nth support hol move bel
par move pic
rom move tus
ruh move hol
rum support sev
ser support rum
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
stp move lvn
tri support ser
ven hold
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb hold
arm move ank
bel support eng move nth
ber support bur move mun
bla move rum
boh move mun
bre move eng
bul support bla move rum
bur move mun
cly move nrg
den move kie
eas hold
edi support nth
eng move nth
gal move rum
gre support bul
hol move ruh
ion move aeg
kie support ruh move hol
lon move eng
lvn move pru
mid move nat
mos support sev
nth support hol
pic move bur
pru move sil
ruh move hol
rum move bul
ser hold
sev support gal move rum
tri support ven move tyr
tus move ven
ven move tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas
alb hold
ank move con
bel support eng move nth
bla support bul move rum
boh move mun
bre move eng
bul move rum
bur support mun
den move kie
eas support aeg
edi move nrg
eng move nth
gal move rum
gre move bul
hol move ruh
kie support ruh move hol
lon move eng
mos move sev
mun support ber
nat move nrg
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
pru move ber
ruh move hol
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
sil support pru move ber
tri move bud
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
alb move gre
arm move ank
bar move stp/nc
bel move nth
ber support den move kie
bla move rum
boh support sil move mun
bre move eng
bud support ser move rum
bul support bla move rum
bur support mun
con move ank
den move kie
eas move smy
edi move nrg
gal move rum
gre support bul
hol hold
kie support nth move den
nat move nrg
nth move den
nwy move stp/nc
ruh support mun
rum move bul
ser move rum
sev support gal move rum
sil move mun
smy move aeg
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
arm support con move smy
bar support nat move nrg
ber move mun
bla move con
boh move vie
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move smy
den support mun move kie
edi move nrg
eng move lon
gal support rum move bud
gre support bul move ser
hol move bel
kie move den
mun move kie
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nth support eng move lon
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
ruh support mun move kie
rum move bud
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
sil support ber move mun
smy hold
tyr support vie
ven move tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
arm move sev
bar support nrg move nwy
ber move kie
boh support mun
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
con support bul
den move swe
edi move cly
gal move vie
gre support aeg move bul/sc
hol move bel
ion move eas
kie support bur move mun
mun support ber move kie
nth move edi
nrg move nwy
par move bur
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bul move ser
ser support aeg move bul/sc
sil support mun
smy support con
stp/nc move nwy
tri support vie
tyr support vie
vie hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army bre
build Fleet mar
remove sev
remove stp/nc
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri
ank move con
bar move stp/nc
bel move pic
ber support mun move kie
boh support sil move mun
bre move pic
bul/sc support gre move aeg
bud support gal move vie
bur move mun
cly move lvp
con move smy
eas support gre move aeg
edi move cly
gal move vie
gre move aeg
kie hold
lon move wal
mar move spa/sc
mun move kie
nwy move nth
par support bre move pic
ruh support kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil move mun
smy move aeg
swe move bal
tri support vie
tyr support vie
ven support tyr
vie hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
alb move ser
ank support con
bal move ber
bel hold
ber support mun
boh support gal move vie
bud support gal move vie
bul move gre
bur move mun
cly support wal move lvp
con support smy
eas move smy
gal move vie
kie support bal move ber
mun support ber
par move bur
pic move bel
ruh support pic move bel
rum support bud
sil support mun
tri support alb move ser
tyr support bur move mun
ven support tyr
vie move gal
wal move lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army/dislodged ber
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
Russia: fleet/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel disband
ber move pru
lvp move iri
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
remove pru
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support con
bel move hol
boh support vie
bre move pic
bud support rum move ser
bur move mun
cly move nat
con move aeg
eas move aeg
iri move mid
kie support bur move mun
mun move ber
nap move apu
nth move eng
par move bur
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ser
ser support aeg move gre
sil support mun move ber
smy support con move aeg
spa/sc move mid
tri support ser
tyr support tri
ven support tyr
vie support bud
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: fleet/dislodged ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ber move bal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ank move con
apu move adr
bal support kie move ber
ber move kie
boh move tyr
bul/sc support ser move gre
bud support rum move ser
bur support mun
eas move ion
eng move nth
gre move bul
iri move mid
kie move ber
mun support kie move ber
nat move mid
ruh support mun
rum move ser
ser move gre
sil move mun
smy support aeg move eas
spa/sc support nat move mid
tri move ser
tyr hold
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
gre move alb
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
boh support sil
bre move eng
bul/sc support ion move aeg
bud support vie
bur support mun
con move bul/ec
eas support smy move aeg
gre move ser
hol move nwy
ion move aeg
iri move eng
mid support bre move eng
nth convoy hol move nwy
par move bre
pic move bel
pru support sil
ruh move kie
ser support con move bul/sc
sil support pru
smy move aeg
stp/nc move bar
tri support gre move ser
tyr support tri
ven support tri
vie support boh
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move rum
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support eas move ion
bal support kie move lvn
bar move nrg
bel move nwy
ber support mun move sil
boh move tyr
bre move wal
bul/sc support ion move gre
bud support rum move ser
bur move mun
con move bul/sc
eas move ion
ion move gre
iri move wal
kie move lvn
mun move sil
nth convoy bel move nwy
nwy move stp
pru support sil
rum move ser
ser support tri move bud
sil support pru
tri move bud
tyr move vie
ven support tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army par
remove wal
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
bal convoy kie move lvn
ber hold
boh move tyr
bre move nwy
bul/sc support gre
bud support rum move ser
bur support mun
con move bul/sc
eng convoy bre move nwy
gre support adr move ion
ion support aeg move gre
kie move lvn
lvp move iri
mid move naf
mar move spa
mun support ber
nth convoy bre move nwy
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
par move gas
pru move ber
rum move ser
ser support bul/sc
sil move mun
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ven support tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
vie move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support con move bul/sc
alb move ser
bal support ber
bul/sc support gre
bud move tri
bur support mun
con move bul/sc
gal support tyr move vie
gas move bre
gre support bul/sc
ion move nap
lvn move war
mos move sev
mun hold
naf move tun
nat move mid
nwy move stp
pru move war
ser support bud move tri
sil support pru move war
spa hold
stp move mos
tri support alb move ser
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
France: army sev
France: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
