PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
boh move vie
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
ion move tun
kie move den
nth move ska
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
ser support alb move gre
spa move por
tri move vie
ukr move sev
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move pru
bla support con move bul
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
gre support bul
hol move bel
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por move spa
rum support bul move ser
ser move tri
ska support nwy move swe
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
tri move tyr
tun move wes
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move hol
bla support rum
bul support aeg move gre
bur move ruh
den hold
gal support ukr move rum
gre move bul/sc
hol support ruh move bel
gol move mar
mid move wes
mun move tyr
nth move den
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
pru move sil
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser move bud
sev hold
ska support nth move den
spa hold
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri support vie move bud
tyr hold
tys move gol
ukr move gal
vie move bud
war support ukr move gal
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel disband
den move kie
gal move vie
gre move ion
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet edi
remove gal
remove ion
build Fleet lon
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel hold
bla hold
bot support stp move swe
bud support sev move rum
bul support ser
den move bal
edi move nth
gre move alb
hol move hel
kie support mun move ruh
lon support edi move nth
gol move mar
mid move wes
mun move ruh
nrg move nwy
par move pic
pie move mar
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser hold
sev hold
sil move gal
ska move den
smy move aeg
spa hold
stp move swe
swe support ska move den
tri move ser
tys support wes move gol
ven move tus
vie support bud
war hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support ser move tri
arm move sev
bal move kie
bel move hol
bla support arm move sev
bot move bal
bud support tri
bul move ser
bur move mar
den support bal move kie
hel support kie move den
kie move den
lon move eng
gol move mar
nth move hel
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
pie support gol move mar
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser move tri
sev hold
spa support bur move mar
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri support bud
tus move tun via convoy
tys convoy tus move tun
vie support bud
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ber
sev move ukr
tri move ven
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet edi
remove hel
remove hol
remove gol
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
ank move arm
bel hold
ber move pru
bla move con
bre move mid
bud move ser
bur support sil move mun
con move bul
den support kie
edi move nth
eng support bel
gal move war
gre move ion
kie hold
mar support tys move ion
mun hold
nth move hel
nwy move bar
pie move ven
rum support tri move bud
ser support tri move bud
sev move ukr
sil move war
spa move gas
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tus support pie move ven
tys move ion
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
arm move sev
bar support nwy move stp
bel move hol
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur support sil move mun
con move aeg
den move kie
eng support bel
gal move war
gas move bre
gre move ion
hel move hol
kie move ber
mid move bre
mar move gol
mun move sil
nth support hel move hol
nwy move stp
pru support gal move war
rum move gal
ser move tri
sil move ber
tri support vie move bud
tun support tys move ion
tus support ven
tys move wes
ukr support arm move sev
ven support tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
remove lvn
build Fleet lvp
remove sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
bar move nwy
bel support bur move ruh
bre move mid
bud support gal move vie
bul move rum
bur move ruh
den move bal
edi move nrg
eng support lvp move iri
gal move vie
gas move bur
hol hold
ion move nap
kie hold
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mid move iri
mos move stp
mun support pru move ber
nth support eng
pru move ber
ser move tri
sev move mos
tri support vie move bud
tun support wes move tys
tus move rom
ukr support sev move mos
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos disband
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
bal support kie
bel support bel
ber move kie
bre support mid
bud support vie
bur move mun
eng hold
gal move vie
ion move tys
iri support eng
mid support spa/sc move wes
mos support ukr move war
mun support ber move kie
nap support ion move tys
nth support hol
nrg move nat
nwy move bar
ruh support bur move mun
rum move gal
ser move tri
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
tri hold
tun support spa/sc move wes
tyr support tri
ukr move war
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove ber
remove boh
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
ank move con
bal move ber
bar support stp
bel move bur
bre support stp move ank
bud support rum move gal
con move bul
eng move mid
gal move ukr
hol support kie
iri support eng move mid
kie support hol
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nat support eng move mid
nap support tys move rom
nth move eng
ruh move mun
rum move gal
ser move tri
smy move aeg
stp hold
tri move vie
tun support wes move tys
tys move rom
vie move tyr
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move boh
tri move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg convoy con move gre
alb move ser
bar support stp
ber support kie
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud support vie move tri
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move gre via convoy
eng move nth
gal move vie
hol hold
iri move eng
kie hold
gol move tus
mid move naf
mos hold
mun move tyr
nat move nrg
nap move tys
rom support nap move tys
ruh move mun
stp hold
tri move ven
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ven hold
vie move tri
war move sil
wes support bre move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
remove boh
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
ank move con
bar convoy edi move stp
ber hold
bud move vie
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move stp via convoy
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie move bal
mid move spa/sc
mar move bur
mos hold
naf support tun
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move stp
rom move nap
ruh support tyr move mun
sil support vie move boh
smy move eas
stp move lvn
tri move tyr
tun support naf move tys
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys support aeg move ion
ven support tri move tyr
vie move boh
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ion move apu
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion move apu
alb move tri
apu move ion
bal move bot
ber move pru
boh move sil
bul move rum
bur support mun
con move bul
den move bal
eas move ion
eng move mid
gre move ser
ion move apu
kie move ber
lvn support stp move mos
gol move tys
mos support sil move war
mun support ber
naf support tun
nrg move nat
pie hold
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sil move war
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
tun support apu move ion
tyr move boh
tys move tun
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army mar
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
apu move nap
bal hold
bar hold
ber support pru
boh move mun
bot hold
bul move rum
bur support mun
edi hold
gal support war
ion support tys
lvn support mos
gol support wes move tys
mid support wes
mar move pie
mos hold
mun support ber
naf support tun
nat move nrg
nap move rom
pie move tus
pru hold
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev support rum move ukr
sil move ber
tri move tyr
tun support wes move tys
tys hold
ven support tri move tyr
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
bal hold
bar convoy edi move stp
ber support pru
boh support tri move tyr
bot hold
bur support mun
edi move stp via convoy
gal move war
ion move tys
lvn support mos move war
gol support pie
mid move wes
mos move war
mun support ber
naf support tun
nap support rom
nrg convoy edi move stp
pie support tus
pru hold
rom move tus
ruh support mun
rum move bud
sev move mos
sil move ber
tri move tyr
tun support tys
tus support tys
tyr move pie
ukr support sev move mos
ven support tyr move pie
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
ank move arm
bal move ber
bar move nrg
ber move kie
boh support tyr
bot move bal
bud move vie
bur support mun
gal support mos move war
ion move tys
lvn support war move mos
gol move tys
mos move war
mun support ber
naf support tun
nap support rom
nrg move nat
pie support tus
pru support bal move ber
rom support ven move tus
ruh support mun
sil support mos move war
smy move aeg
stp support war move mos
tri move ven
tun support tys move ion
tus support gol move tys
tyr move pie
tys move ion
ukr support mos move war
ven move tus
war move mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
France: fleet/dislodged tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move gre
tus move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
arm move ank
bal move lvn
ber support pru
boh move mun
bur support mun
gal move rum
gre support aeg move ion
ion move gre
kie move bal
lvn move mos
gol move tus
mun support ber
naf support tun
nat move mid
nap support aeg move ion
nrg move bar
pie support gol move tus
pru support bal move lvn
rom move tys
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
stp support lvn move mos
tun support tys
tus hold
tyr move pie
tys support gol move tus
ukr move mos
ven support tus
vie move tri
war support ukr move mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
bal hold
bar hold
ber support pru
boh move mun
bur support mun
eas move ion
gre move aeg
ion move eas
kie hold
lvn move mos
gol support tys
mid hold
mun hold
naf support tun
nap support adr move ion
pie hold
pru hold
rom support tus
ruh support mun
rum move ser
sil support boh move mun
smy support ion move eas
stp support lvn move mos
tri move alb
tun support tys
tus hold
tyr move pie
tys hold
ukr move mos
ven support tus
war support ukr move mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
eas disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move apu via convoy
bal move lvn
ber support pru
boh support tyr
bur support mun
con move bul
eas support ion
ion convoy alb move apu
kie move bal
lvn move mos
gol support tys
mid hold
mun support pie move tyr
naf support tun
nap support ion
pie move tyr
pru hold
rom support tus
ruh support mun
ser move tri
sil move mun
smy move aeg
stp support lvn move mos
tun support tys
tus hold
tyr hold
tys hold
ukr move mos
ven support tus
war support ukr move mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support nap move rom
bal move lvn
ber support pru
boh hold
bul move ser
bur support mun
eas support aeg move ion
gre support aeg move ion
ion move nap
kie move bal
lvn move mos
gol support pie
mid hold
mar support pie
mun hold
naf support tun
nap move rom
pie hold
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sil move mun
stp support lvn move mos
tri hold
tun support tys
tus move pie
tyr move vie
tys hold
ukr move mos
ven support tus move pie
war support ukr move mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu hold
bal move lvn
bar hold
ber support pru
boh support vie move tyr
bur support ser move ank
eas support aeg move ion
gre support aeg move ion
ion move adr
kie move bal
lvn move mos
gol support pie
mid hold
mar support pie
mun support war move smy
naf support tun
nap hold
pie support vie move con
rom support tus
ruh support mun
ser hold
sil move mun
stp support lvn move mos
tri support vie move tyr
tun support tys
tus hold
tys support nap move con
ukr move mos
ven support tus
vie move tyr
war support ukr move mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
apu hold
bal move lvn
bar hold
ber support pru
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mun
eas support gre move ion
gre support ion
ion move tys
kie move bal
lvn move mos
gol support pie
mid hold
mar support pie
mun support gol move lon
naf support tun
nap support ion move tys
pie support ion move par
pru hold
rom support tus
ruh support mun
ser move rum
sil support tyr move mun
stp support lvn move mos
tri move tyr
tun support tys
tus hold
tyr move mun
tys support kie move ank
ukr move mos
ven support tus
war support ukr move mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tus move ven
apu support nap move rom
bal move bot
bar hold
ber support pru
boh support ven move tyr
bur support mun
eas move ion
gre support eas move ion
ion move nap
kie move bal
lvn move mos
gol support pie
mid move nat
mar support pie
mun support tun move nwy
naf support tun
nap move rom
pie support mid move nwy
pru hold
rom move tus
ruh support mun
rum move ser
sil hold
stp support lvn move mos
tri support ven move tyr
tun support tys
tus move ven
tyr move vie
tys support rum move nwy
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
war support ukr move mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
apu support nap move rom
bal hold
bar hold
ber support pru
boh move mun
bot hold
bur support mun
gre move ion
ion move nap
lvn move mos
gol move spa/sc
mar support boh move syr
mun support war move syr
naf support tun
nat hold
nap move rom
pie support vie move syr
pru hold
rom move tus
ruh support mun
ser hold
sil support boh move mun
stp support lvn move mos
tri hold
tun support rom move syr
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
tys move gol
ukr move mos
ven support tus move pie
vie move boh
war support ukr move mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu hold
bal move den
bar move nrg
ber support lvn move pru
boh support vie move tyr
bot move swe
bur support mun
ion move tys
lvn move pru
gol hold
mar support gol
mun hold
naf support nat move mid
nat move mid
nap support ion move tys
pie move gol
pru move bal
rom support ion move tys
ruh support mun
ser move gre
sil hold
spa/sc support gol
stp move nwy
tri hold
tun hold
tus support pie move gol
tyr move pie
ukr move mos
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tyr
war support ukr move mos
wes support nat move mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
bal move lvn
ber support pru
boh support sil
bur support mun
den move bal
gre move ser
ion move tun
gol support wes
mar support gol
mos support war move lvn
mun support ber
naf support tun
nap support tys
nrg move bar
nwy hold
pie hold
pru support bal move lvn
rom support tys
ruh support mun
sil hold
spa/sc support gol
swe move fin
tri support ven move tyr
tun support wes
tus support pie
tyr move vie
tys hold
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move lvn
wes support gol
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
bar hold
ber support pru
boh support sil
bur support mun
den move bal
fin hold
gal move ukr
ion move tun
gol support wes
mid hold
mar support gol
mos support war move lvn
mun support ber
nap support tys
nwy hold
pie hold
pru hold
rom support tys
ruh support mun
ser move tri
sil hold
spa/sc support gol
tri move vie
tun support wes
tus move gol
tyr support pie
tys support tus move gol
ven support pie
vie move gal
war move lvn
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
