PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul move gre
con move bul
eng move bel
gal support ukr move rum
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mun move bur
nap move tun
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move bur
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
ukr move rum
ven hold
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel move pic
bre move pic
bud support ser
con support bul
gal move boh
gre support ion move aeg
hol move ruh
ion move aeg
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth convoy nwy move bel
par support mar move bur
por move mid
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa move mar
swe move ska
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul/sc
alb support gre
arm move ank
bel hold
bla support bul move rum
bre support par move pic
bud support tri move vie
bul move rum
bur support par move pic
con move ank
eng move mid
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
ion hold
iri support eng move mid
kie move mun
mid move eng
mar support bur
mun move bur
nth move eng
par move pic
ruh support mun move bur
rum move bul
ser support gre move bul/sc
ska move nth
smy support con
tri move vie
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mid move por
rum disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb support bul/sc move gre
arm support sev
bel hold
ber move mun
bla support con move ank
boh move gal
bud move tri
bul/sc move gre
bur move bel
con move ank
eng support iri move mid
gal move ukr
ion support aeg move eas
iri move mid
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mun support ruh move bur
nth support bel
pic support bur move bel
por move mid
ruh move bur
rum move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
smy move aeg
tri move adr
ven move apu
vie support bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support rum move bul
alb support gre
ank move smy
apu move ven
arm move ank
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla support rum move bul
bur move par
eas convoy tun move syr
eng support mid move bre
gal move rum
gre support ser move bul
ion convoy tun move syr
iri move mid
mid move bre
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth move nrg
par move gas
pic move par
por move mid
rum move bul
ser move bul
sev support gal move rum
tri support adr move ven
tun move syr
ukr support gal move rum
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bul
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
remove syr
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb support gre
ank move con
apu move rom
bel move pic
bla move ank
bre support iri move mid
bud move tri
bur move par
eas move ion
eng support bel move pic
gas move mar
gre support rum move bul
ion move apu
iri move mid
lon move nth
mos support ukr move sev
mun move tyr
nrg move nat
pic move par
por move mid
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
sil move boh
smy support bla move ank
spa support gas move mar
tri move tyr
ukr move sev
ven move adr
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move smy
alb move ser
ank support smy move con
apu support ion move adr
boh move vie
bre move gas
bud move vie
bur move par
den move ska
eng move mid
gre move ion
ion move adr
kie move mun
mid move wes
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nth convoy nwy move bel
nwy move bel
pic move bre
rom move ven
ser move bud
smy move con
tri move ven
ukr move rum
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
alb move tun
ank hold
apu move ion
arm move syr
boh support mun move tyr
bre move mid
bud support ser
bur move mar
gas move spa/nc
ion convoy alb move tun
kie move mun
mid support gas move spa/nc
mar support spa
mun move tyr
nth move eng
par move bur
por support spa
rom move ven
ser hold
sev move arm
ska move den
smy hold
spa support mar
tri support vie move tyr
ukr move sev
vie move tyr
war move gal
wes support gas move spa/nc
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank hold
apu move nap
arm support syr move smy
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud support vie
bul move ser
bur move mar
con support smy
eng hold
gal move bud
ion move tys
kie move mun
mid move por
mun move tyr
par move gas
rum support gal move bud
ser support tri
spa/nc support mid move por
syr move smy
tri support vie move tyr
tun hold
ven hold
vie move tyr
wes support spa/nc
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm support syr move smy
bel move naf
ber move mun
bud move ser
bul move con
bur support gas move mar
con move ank
eng convoy bel move naf
gas move mar
ion move gre
kie support ber move mun
lvp move iri
mid convoy bel move naf
mun move tyr
nap move tys
por move spa/sc
rum move bul
ser support tri move bud
sev move rum
smy hold
spa/nc move por
syr move smy
tri move bud
tun move tus
tys convoy tun move tus
vie move tri
war move ukr
wes hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move gal
mar move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm support syr move smy
bud support ser move rum
bul move ser
con support smy
gal move bud
gre hold
kie move mun
mid move wes
mun move tyr
naf support wes move tun
nap move tys
pie support ven
por move spa/sc
rum support gal move bud
ser move rum
smy move syr
spa/nc move mid
syr move smy
tri support tyr move ven
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support tus move rom
ven move rom
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lvp
remove pie
build Fleet rom
remove tus
remove tys
remove ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bud move rum
bul move ser
con support smy
eng move mid
gal move bud
gre support ser move bul
mid move wes
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nap move apu
rom move tys
rum support gal move bud
ser move bul
sev move ukr
smy move syr
spa/sc move gol
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ven move rom
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move ser
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu move nap
bud support rum
bul support ser
bur move mar
con support smy
eng move mid
gre move ion
ion move nap
gol move tus
mid move wes
mar move pie
rom move tys
rum hold
ser support bul
tri move ser
tyr move ven
ukr support rum
ven move tus
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
arm support syr move smy
bla move arm
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move ank
eng move mid
gre move alb
ion move nap
iri hold
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
pie move tus
rom move tus
rum move bul
ser support bul move gre
smy move syr
syr move smy
tyr move ven
ven move apu
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank support smy
apu support rom move nap
bla move rum
gre support ser move bul
iri move mid
lon move eng
gol convoy tun move tus
mid move naf
rom move nap
ser move bul
tri move alb
tun move tus
tyr move ven
tys support nap
ukr move rum
ven move rom
vie move tri
wes convoy tun move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
remove rom
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support smy move con
arm support syr move smy
bud move ser
bul move ser
con support syr move smy
gre support bul move ser
ion move gre
gol move tys
naf move tun
nap support tys move ion
sev support ukr move rum
smy move con
syr move smy
tus support ven move rom
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven move rom
war move gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move aeg
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move ser
arm move ank
bul support con
con support aeg move smy
edi move lvp
gre support bul
ion move eas
lvp move iri
sev move bla
smy support arm move ank
tri support alb move ser
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm support syr move smy
bla move ank
bul support gre move ser
con move bla
eas support syr move smy
gre move ser
ion move gre
mid move wes
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
smy move eas
syr move smy
tri move alb
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move aeg
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con
alb move ser
arm move ank
bla support arm move ank
bud move ser
bul support alb move ser
eas support smy
eng move mid
gal move bud
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
nat move mid
nap move ion
rum support bud move ser
ser move tri
smy support arm move ank
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support mun move tri
ank move con
bla support ank move con
bul move ser
gal move boh
mun move boh
pie move ven
rom support pie move ven
smy support ank move con
tri move vie
tyr move tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Germany: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Germany: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support tri
bud move vie
gal support bud move vie
mun move boh
nat move mid
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Germany: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Germany: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
