PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot convoy lvn move swe
bul hold
bur move mar
hol move nth
ion move alb
kie move den
lvn move swe via convoy
mid move por
mar move spa
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser support alb move tri
stp move nwy
tri move vie
tyr move tri
ven move tri
yor hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support tyr move tri
bel hold
ber move bal
bla support sev
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud support tri
bul move rum
con move bul
den move kie
hol support kie move hel
kie move hel
mar move pie
mos support rum move sev
mun support vie move tyr
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
par move pic
por move spa/sc
rum move sev
ser move alb
sev support bul move rum
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp move nwy
swe move fin
tri hold
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
tyr move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
bal move den
bel hold
bla support rum
boh move vie
bud move vie
bul support aeg move gre
fin support stp move nwy
gas move mar
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
kie move ber
mid move eng
mos move sev
mun hold
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
pie support tyr move ven
rum support bul
ser support tri
sev move mos
spa/sc move wes
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move ska
ven move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army con
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move adr
bel move pic
ber move mun
bla convoy con move sev
bud support ser
bul support rum
con move sev
den support nth
eng convoy pic move lon
fin support nwy
gre hold
hol move bel
mar move pie
mos support war move ukr
mun move bur
nth support pic move lon
nrg move edi
nwy hold
pic move lon via convoy
pie move tus
rum support sev move ukr
ser support bud
sev move ukr
ska move den
smy move aeg
swe move ska
tri move alb
ven support pie move tus
vie move gal
war move ukr
wes move tys
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
alb support adr move ion
bel move eng
bla support bul move rum
bud support ser
bul move rum
bur move par
con move bul
den support nth
edi move nth
eng move mid
fin support swe move nwy
gal move rum
gre support aeg move ion
lon hold
mos support war move ukr
mun hold
nth support bel move eng
nwy move stp
pic move bre
pie move tyr
rum move ukr
ser support gal move rum
sev support rum move ukr
ska support edi move nth
swe move nwy
tus move rom
tys support tus move nap
ven hold
war move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
remove lon
remove ska
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move ion
alb move ion
ber support kie move mun
bla support bul move rum
bre support par move gas
bud move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den support nth
edi move nth
eng move lon
fin move nwy
gal support bud move rum
gre support aeg move ion
kie move mun
mid move gas
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth support eng move lon
nwy move nrg
par move gas
rom hold
rum move ukr
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum move ukr
stp move lvn
tus move pie
tyr move ven
tys move tun
ven move tri
war move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move tri
ber move mun
bla support con move bul
bre hold
bul move gre
bur support gas move mar
con move bul
den move nth
edi move nth
eng move lon
gal support rum
gas move mar
gre move alb
ion support gre move alb
lvn move war
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth support eng move lon
nrg convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi via convoy
rom support adr move ven
rum support mos move sev
ser support rum
sev move rum
tri move tyr
war move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Austria: fleet/dislodged alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army/dislodged ven
Italy: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move adr
sev move arm
ven disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb move tri
ber move sil
bla support bul
bre hold
bul support gre move ser
bur move gas
den hold
edi move nth
eng support nth move lon
gal support rum
gre move ser
ion move adr
kie move mun
mar support bur move gas
mun move boh
nap support ven move apu
nth move lon
nrg convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi via convoy
rom move ven
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev move arm
stp/nc move bar
tri support adr move alb
ukr move sev
ven move apu
war move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet/dislodged alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb move gre
apu support nap
arm move smy
bar move nrg
bla move arm
boh move vie
bre hold
bul support gre move ser
den move nth
edi move lvp
eng move bel
gal move vie
gas move spa
gre move ser
ion support adr move alb
lon hold
mid move eng
mar support gas move spa
mun move tyr
nap support apu
nth move hol
nrg move cly
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
sil move boh
tri support ven move tyr
tun move tys
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move ion
bel support lon move eng
bla move arm
boh support mun move tyr
bre hold
bul move con
cly move lvp
edi support cly move lvp
eng move nth
gal support vie move boh
gre move bul
hol move hel
ion move aeg
kie support nth move hol
lon move eng
mar move pie
mos support ukr move sev
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth move hol
nrg move nat
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
sil support boh
smy move con
spa move por
tri support ser
tyr support vie move boh
ukr move sev
vie move boh
war move pru
yor move lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
Germany: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel move nth
bla support gre move bul
boh move tyr
bre move par
bul move con
edi move yor
eng move lon
gal support vie move boh
gre move bul
hel move den
hol support bel move nth
ion support ser move gre
kie move den
mar move pie
mun support boh move tyr
nat move mid
nth move nwy
pie move ven
por hold
ser move gre
sev move arm
sil move ber
smy move ank
tri move alb
tyr support vie move boh
tys move tun
ukr move sev
vie move boh
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move ser
tyr move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove hel
build Army rom
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank move smy
arm move ank
ber move sil
bla convoy bul move ank
boh support gal move vie
bul move ank
edi move yor
eng move bre
gal move vie
gre move bul
hol move bel
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lvp move wal
mos move stp
mun support tyr move boh
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move tyr
por move spa
pru move war
rom support tri move ven
ser move rum
sev move rum
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr move boh
ven move tus
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
boh move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm move ank
bel move eng
ber move kie
bla move ank
boh move vie
bre move mid
bul move con
bur move mar
gal support vie
gre move bul
mid move por
mun move boh
nth convoy yor move nwy
rom move tus
ser move rum
sev move rum
sil move gal
smy move con
spa hold
stp support yor move nwy
swe move den
tus move pie
tyr support boh move vie
ukr support sev move rum
ven support rom move tus
vie support alb move tri
wal move lon
war support sil move gal
wes move spa/sc
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal disband
vie disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army mos
remove pie
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move ank
bla move ank
boh move tyr
bud move vie
bul move con
den move bal
gal move bud
gre move ser
kie support nth move den
lon hold
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos move sev
nth move den
nwy move swe
por move spa/sc
rum support gal move bud
ser move bud
sev move arm
smy support arm move ank
spa move por
stp move fin
tri support bud move vie
tus move pie
tyr move tri
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
vie support tyr move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
arm move ank
bal move bot
bla move rum
boh move tyr
bud support rum move ser
bul support bla move rum
den hold
eng move mid
fin move nwy
gre move ser
kie move ber
lon move nth
mar move pie
naf move tun
por move spa/sc
rum move ser
ser move bud
sev move arm
smy support ank move con
spa move por
swe support fin
tri support ser move bud
tus move pie
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie support tyr move tri
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
remove bot
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move smy
ber move sil
boh move vie
bud support vie move tri
bul move con
con move bul
den support kie move hel
gre support tri move ser
ion move tun
kie move hel
mid move naf
mar move pie
mun move boh
naf move wes
nth convoy nwy move bel
nwy move bel
por move spa/sc
rum move bla
ser support con move bul
sev support ank move bla
smy move con
stp/nc move bar
swe move den
tri move ser
tus support ven
tyr support vie move tri
ukr move rum
war move sil
wes support ion move tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bar move nrg
ber support mun move sil
bla support con move bul
boh move tyr
bud support vie move tri
bul move con
con move bul
den hold
gre support ser
hel move hol
mid move wes
mun move sil
naf support mid move wes
nth move den
pie support tyr move ven
por move mid
pru support war move sil
rum move bla
ser support gre
sev support ukr move rum
smy move con
spa move por
swe support nth move den
tun move naf
tus support ven
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
vie move tri
war move sil
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move kie
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
remove mun
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
ber support boh move sil
bla hold
boh move sil
bud support rum move ser
bul move rum
con support bla move bul
den move hel
gre support ser
hol hold
kie hold
mid move spa/sc
mos move ukr
naf move wes
nrg move nth
pie support tyr move ven
por move mid
pru support war move sil
rum support bla move bul
ser support gre
sev move bla
smy support ank move con
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri support tyr move ven
tun move naf
tus support ven
tyr move ven
war move sil
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber support kie
bla move bul/ec
boh move sil
bul move con
con support bla move bul
gre support ser
hel support bel move hol
hol move hel
kie hold
mid move bre
mar support spa/sc
nth support bel move hol
nwy move swe
pie support ven
pru support war move sil
rom move ven
rum support bla move bul
ser support gre
sev move bla
spa/sc hold
tus support rom move ven
ukr move gal
ven hold
war move sil
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
