PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mos move ukr
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pie support ven
ser move gre
sev support ukr move rum
spa support bur move mar
tri move ser
ukr move rum
ven hold
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move hol
bla move arm
bre move mid
bud support tri
bul move con
con move smy
den move nth
edi move nrg
gre move bul
hol support mun move ruh
kie support hol
lon move nth
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nth move hel
nwy support den move swe
par move bur
pie support ven
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev move arm
spa move gas
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
ukr support rum
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
bla move ank
bud move tri
bul support ser move gre
bur move mun
con move smy
den support kie
gas move bur
gre move aeg
hel move den
hol support ruh move bel
ion move adr
kie support den
lon move nth
mid move wes
mar hold
mos move sev
nrg move bar
nwy support swe
pie support ven move tyr
por move mid
ruh move bel
rum support mos move sev
ser move gre
sev move bla
ska support hel move den
smy move syr
swe support nwy
tri move adr
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
tyr move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mun
remove pic
remove ska
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bel support hol
bla support sev move arm
boh support mun
bud move ser
bul move con
bur move pic
den support kie
gas move bre
gre move bul
hel move nth
hol support bel
ion move alb
kie support den
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun hold
nth move nrg
nwy support stp/nc move bar
pie support tyr move ven
sev move arm
smy move syr
stp/nc move bar
swe support nwy
syr move arm
tri move adr
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ukr support rum
vie move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move smy
alb move tri
ank support smy move arm
arm move ank
bar move nrg
bel support mun move bur
bla support arm move ank
boh move tyr
bul support ser move gre
bur move bel
con support aeg move smy
den move hel
eng convoy bre move lon
hol support bel
ion move adr
kie move den
mid move nat
mun move bur
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy support bar move nrg
pic support bur move bel
pie support ven
rum support ukr
ser move gre
smy move arm
swe support nwy
syr support smy move arm
tri support boh move tyr
ukr support rum
ven support alb move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
nrg move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet stp/nc
remove syr
remove tyr
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move gre
bel hold
bla support rum
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur support ruh move bel
con move bul
edi support nat move nrg
eng convoy bre move lon
gre hold
hel move nth
hol support ruh move bel
ion support alb move gre
lon move yor
mar hold
nth support nat move nrg
nrg move cly
nwy support hel move nth
pic move par
pie support ven
ruh move bel
smy move aeg
stp/nc move bar
swe support nwy
tri support vie move tyr
ukr move war
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
nth move nrg
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
aeg support bul move gre
ank move smy
bar move nrg
bel support bur move pic
bla move con
bul move gre
bur move pic
cly move lvp
edi support yor move nth
eng convoy bre move lon
gre move bul/sc
hol support bel
ion move adr
nat move mid
nth move lon
nrg support yor move nth
nwy support bar move nrg
pie support ven
rum move bud
ser support bul move gre
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move gal
yor move nth
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
nrg disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove edi
remove gre
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
remove nth
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
alb move adr
bel support pic
bre hold
bud support gal move vie
con move aeg
eng move lon
gal move vie
hol support bel
ion move gre
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nth support eng move lon
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
par hold
pic support bel
pie support ven
ser support tri move bud
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move bud
tyr move tri
ven hold
vie support tri move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bel support pic
bur move gas
con move bul
edi move cly
eng convoy bre move lon
gal support rum move bud
hol support bel
iri move mid
kie move mun
lon move eng
mar move gas
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
nwy move nth
par hold
pic move bre
rum move bud
ukr move rum
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove cly
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb move tri
bel support pic
bre move gas
bud support gal move vie
bul support rum move ser
bur move gas
edi move cly
eng hold
gal move vie
gre move ion
hol support bel
lon move eng
mid support nth move eng
mar hold
mos move war
nth move eng
nrg move nth
par hold
pic move par
pie move mar
rum move ser
ser move bud
sev move bla
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
tri support ser move bud
tun move ion
ven support alb move tri
vie support ser move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move iri
ser move alb
tri move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tyr move tri
bel move ruh
bla move con
bot move bal
bre hold
bud support gal move vie
bul support ser
bur move mun
cly move lvp
eng move mid
gal move vie
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
iri move mid
mid move por
mar hold
mun move ber
par hold
pic move bel
pie move tyr
pru support war move sil
ser support bud
swe support bot move bal
tri hold
tun move tys
tyr move tri
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support sil move ber
bre hold
bud move tri
bul move gre
con move aeg
eng move mid
gre move ion
iri move mid
mar hold
mos move war
nap move tys
nth support swe move den
par move bur
pie move mar
por support eng move mid
pru support sil move ber
ser support bul move gre
sil move ber
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri move adr
tys move rom
ven move rom
vie support bud move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
aeg support gre
alb move tri
bal move kie
ber support sil move mun
bre move pic
bur move mar
den support bal move kie
iri move eng
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
nap move ion
nth move hol
nwy move nth
pie move tyr
por support mid move spa/sc
pru support ber
ser support tri
sil move mun
tri hold
tys move nap
ven support alb move tri
vie support tri
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
