PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur hold
con move bul
edi move nwy
gal support ukr move rum
kie move hol
mid move por
nth move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser support bud move rum
spa hold
tri hold
tus move rom
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla support ukr move rum
bre move pic
bud support ser move rum
bul move ser
bur hold
con move aeg
den hold
gal support ukr move rum
gre support bul move ser
hol support ruh move bel
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mun support kie move ruh
nap move apu
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
nwy hold
par support bur
por move mid
rom move tus
ruh move bel
ser move rum
sev support ukr move rum
smy move con
spa move mar
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri move alb
tun move tys
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move gre
apu move adr
bar support nwy move stp
bel support ruh move bur
bla support con move bul
bud support tri move ser
bur hold
con move bul
eng move wal
gal move bud
gre support ser
hol support bel
mid move bre
mar support bur
mun support ruh move bur
nth move den
nwy move stp
par support bur
pic move bre
ruh move bur
rum support ser
ser hold
sev support rum
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move ser
tus move ven
tys move ion
ven move tyr
vie support bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support smy move eas
bar move stp/nc
bel support ruh move bur
bla hold
bud support vie
bul support ser
bur move bel
den move ska
gal support rum move bud
gre support ser
hol support bel
ion hold
kie move den
mid hold
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support ruh move bur
nth move hol
nwy support bar move stp
par support mar move bur
pic support bur move bel
ruh move bur
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move rum
smy move eas
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri support bud
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support bud
wal hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
tri move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg move gre
alb support tri
bar support fin move stp
bel support nth move hol
bla support bul
bud support gal move vie
bul support ser
den support ska move nth
eas move aeg
fin move stp
gal move vie
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion hold
mid hold
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth move hol
nwy move bar
par support mar move bur
pic support bel
ruh support mun move bur
rum move sev
ser support gre move alb
ska move nth
swe move fin
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie move bud
wal hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move kie
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove mun
build Army stp
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support gre move ion
alb move tri
bar support fin move nwy
bel support hol
bla move con
bre move eng
bud support gal move vie
bul move gre
den move hel
fin move nwy
gal move vie
gre move ion
hol move nth
ion hold
kie move hol
mid move nat
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
nth support kie move hol
nwy move bar
par move bur
pic support bel
ruh support kie move hol
ser support alb move tri
stp move fin
swe support stp move fin
tri support vie move bud
tyr move mun
ven support tri
vie move bud
wal move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move eas
alb move tri
bar move nrg
bel support bur move ruh
bud support vie
bul hold
bur move ruh
con hold
eng support bel
fin move nwy
gre support con move aeg
hel convoy hol move den
hol move den
ion hold
lon hold
mar move bur
mun support bur move ruh
nat move lvp
nth move edi
nrg support fin move nwy
nwy hold
pic support bel
ruh move hol
ser support alb move tri
sev move rum
sil move ber
stp support fin move nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tri hold
ven support tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
remove lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move tri
bar move nrg
bel move hol
ber support war move sil
bud support alb move tri
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move aeg
eas support con move aeg
eng move lon
gre move alb
hel support hol
ion hold
lvp move nat
mar move gol
mos move war
mun move kie
nap support ion
nrg move nth
nwy support stp
pic move eng
ruh support bel move hol
rum hold
ser support alb move tri
stp support nwy
swe move den
tri hold
ven support tri
vie support alb move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg move bul/sc
alb support tri
bel move hol
ber support sil move mun
bud support tri
bur support tyr move mun
eas move ion
eng move nth
gre move bul
ion hold
kie support bel move hol
lon support eng move nth
gol move tys
nat move nrg
nap support ion
nth move den
nrg move nat
nwy hold
ruh support bel move hol
rum hold
ser support tri
sil move mun
stp move lvn
swe support nth move den
tri hold
tyr move mun
ven move tri
vie support tri
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
remove hel
build Army mar
remove nrg
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion move alb
aeg move gre
alb move ion
ber support war move sil
bre move eng
bud support tri
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support swe move ska
eas support alb move ion
gre move bul
hol support kie
ion move alb
kie hold
lon move nth
lvn move pru
mar move pie
nat move cly
nap support tys move ion
nth move nrg
nwy move swe
ruh support bur move mun
rum hold
ser support tri
sil move boh
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tri hold
tyr support bur move mun
tys move ion
ven support tyr
vie support sil move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support eas move ion
alb support eas move ion
ber support sil move mun
boh support sil move mun
bud support ser move tri
cly move edi
den support ska move nth
eas move ion
eng support nth
gre support eas move ion
hol hold
ion hold
kie move den
mun support pie move tyr
nap support ion
nth support kie move den
nrg support cly move edi
nwy support ska move nth
pie move tyr
pru support ber
ruh support mun
rum hold
ser move tri
sil move mun
ska move nth
swe move fin
tri move tyr
tyr move boh
tys support ion
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
remove tyr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support eas move ion
alb support eas move ion
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bre move eng
bud support ser move tri
den move kie
eas move ion
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
fin move stp
gre support eas move ion
hol support kie
ion hold
kie support mun
mun support pie move tyr
nap support ion
nth move hel
nrg support eng move nth
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pie move tyr
pru move ber
ruh support mun
rum hold
ser move tri
sil support ber move mun
ska move nth
tri move tyr
tys support ion
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support bul move gre
alb move tri
ber move kie
boh support tri move tyr
bud support alb move tri
bul move gre
bur move mun
den support ber move kie
eas move ion
edi move nrg
eng support nth
gre move alb
hel support nth
hol support kie
ion hold
kie support bur move mun
mun support ber move kie
nap support ion
nth support edi move nrg
nrg move bar
nwy support ska
pie move tyr
ruh support kie
rum move bla
ser support gre move alb
sil support mun
ska support den
stp support nwy
tri move tyr
tys support ion
ven hold
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move ion
alb support tri move adr
bar move nwy
ber move kie
bla move rum
boh support mun
bud support ser move tri
bur move mun
den move nth
eas support aeg move ion
eng move nth
gre support alb
hel support nth move den
hol support kie
ion hold
kie support nth move den
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nap support ion
nth move den
nrg support eng move nth
nwy support mos move stp
pie support ven
ruh support kie
ser move tri
sil support mun
ska support nwy
stp move fin
tri move adr
tyr support ser move tri
tys support ion
ven hold
vie support tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: fleet/dislodged adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
den move swe
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support eas move ion
alb support eas move ion
apu move ven
bar move nrg
ber support mun move kie
boh support sil move mun
bud hold
bur move mun
den support nth move ska
eas move ion
fin move nwy
hel support den
hol support kie
ion move adr
kie hold
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth move ska
nrg move nth
nwy move nth
pie support ven
ruh support kie
rum move bla
sil move mun
ska support nwy move nth
stp support fin move nwy
swe move den
tri support adr move ven
tyr support adr move ven
tys support ion
ven move tus
vie support tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Army smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
bar move nrg
ber move kie
boh support vie move tyr
bre move eng
bud hold
bur move bel
den move bal
gre hold
hel move den
hol move bel
ion move tys
lon move nth
mun support vie move tyr
nth move hel
nrg move edi
nwy hold
pie support apu move ven
ruh support kie
sil support mun
ska move den
smy hold
stp support nwy
swe support ska move den
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move tun
ven move adr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move apu
aeg support ion
apu move ion
bal support kie move ber
ber support mun
boh support mun
bud hold
bur move mun
den support nth move hel
edi support lon move nth
eng support lon move nth
gre move tun via convoy
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion convoy gre move tun
kie move ber
lon move nth
mun support ber
nap move tys
nth move hel
nrg support lon move nth
nwy hold
pie support tus move ven
ruh support hel move kie
sil support ber
stp hold
swe support den
tri move ven
tun support apu move ion
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys support gre move tun
ven move apu
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
