PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par hold
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun via convoy
arm move sev
bla move rum
bot move swe
bul support bla move rum
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move bel
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mos move sev
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move bre
pie move ven
ruh move bel
rum support mos move sev
ser support alb move gre
spa move mar
stp move nwy
tri move vie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bre support par move pic
bud move gal
bul support rum
con move bla
den move kie
edi move yor
eng move nth
hol move hel
ion convoy tun move apu
kie move bal
mar move bur
mos support sev
mun move boh
nth move ska
par move pic
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
rum support arm move sev
ser support gre
sev hold
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri hold
tun move apu via convoy
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move ven
arm move sev
bal move swe
bla support arm move sev
boh move sil
bre move pic
bud move tri
bul support rum
bur support pic move bel
hel move hol
ion hold
kie move den
mos support ukr move war
nth convoy yor move den
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru move war
ruh move bel
rum support arm move sev
sev hold
ska support yor move den
spa/sc move mar
swe support nwy
tri move tyr
tys move wes
ukr move war
vie move boh
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove pru
remove sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move den
bel move hol
bla move con
boh move tyr
bur move mar
con move ank
den hold
edi move nrg
hol move bel
ion hold
kie support bal move den
mar move gol
mos move sev
nth support bel move hol
nwy hold
par move bur
pic move bel
pie support ven
ruh support hol move bel
rum support sev
ser support gre
ska support den
spa/sc move wes
swe hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr support mos move sev
ven hold
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal move den
bel support bur move ruh
boh move tyr
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den move swe
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie support bal move den
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar move pie
mos move sev
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support swe
pic move bre
pie support ven
pru move ber
ruh support hol move bel
rum support sev
ser support gre
ska support den move swe
smy move con
swe support nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr support mos move sev
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move stp
swe move fin
ven move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
remove ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber hold
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur support bel move ruh
con move bul
den hold
fin move bot
gre support aeg move ion
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tys
kie move mun
lon support nth
mar move pie
mos move war
nth support swe move den
pie move tus
por move mid
rom hold
ruh move bel
rum move bla
ser support gre
sev move ukr
ska support swe move den
spa/sc move por
stp hold
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven move apu
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move hel
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support ven move rom
bel move hol
ber move sil
bla move con
bot hold
bul move gre
bur move mun
den hold
gal support ser move rum
gre move bul/sc
hel move kie
hol support ruh move bel
ion support bul move gre
lon support nth
mun move bur
nth hold
nwy hold
pie move ven
por move mid
rom support pie move ven
ruh move bel
rum move ser
ser move rum
sev move mos
ska move swe
spa/sc move por
stp support war move mos
tus support pie move ven
tyr move ven
tys support wes move tun
ukr support sev move mos
ven move rom
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
gre move alb
rom move nap
rum move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
remove nap
build Army smy
remove tus
remove tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tyr move tri
bel support mun move bur
bot hold
bre support por move mid
bud support sev move rum
bur move mun
con move bul/sc
den move swe
gal move bud
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvp move iri
mid move eng
mar move gol
mun move bur
nth move den
nwy support den move swe
pic move bel
por move mid
rom move ven
rum move bul
sev support ukr move rum
sil move ber
stp move mos
swe move fin
tun move tys
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven move rom
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
bel hold
bot move stp/sc
bre move eng
bud move ser
bur support pic move bel
con move bul/sc
den hold
eng move lon
fin move swe
gal move rum
hol support bel
iri move eng
kie move ber
gol move tys
mid support bre move eng
mos support bot move stp
mun support kie move ber
nth move lon
nwy move nth
pic move bel
rom move ven
rum support bud
ser move gre
sev support rum
smy move arm
swe move nwy
tri support rom move ven
tys move rom
ven support tys move rom
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet/dislodged eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng disband
ven move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army kie
remove sil
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move sev
bel hold
ber hold
bul/sc move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
eng move bel
fin move bot
gal move rum
gre move ser
hol support bel
iri move wal
kie move ruh
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap hold
nth move lon
nwy move stp/nc
pic support eng move bel
pru move war
rum move bud
ser move tri
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
stp/sc hold
swe move fin
tri support gre move ser
tyr support bur move mun
tys move ion
ven move pie
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move sil
ser move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ser
arm move sev
bel move bur
ber move kie
bot support fin move stp
bud support alb move ser
bul support ukr move rum
den move nth
eng move bel
fin move stp
hol move bel
ion move adr
lon move eng
mid support eng
mos move sev
mun support tyr
nwy support fin move stp
pic support eng move bel
pie move tyr
ruh support sil move mun
rum support ser
ser support rum
sil move mun
stp/sc hold
tri support ser
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
wal support lon move eng
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ber
rum move gal
stp/sc move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove bur
remove gal
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Army mar
build Army par
remove ruh
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move ser
arm move sev
bel support bre move eng
bot move lvn
bre move eng
bud support adr move tri
bul support alb move ser
hol hold
ion move alb
kie move ber
lon support eng
mid support bre move eng
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support kie move ber
nap hold
nth move den
nwy move nth
par move pic
pic move bur
rum support arm move sev
ser move bud
stp move mos
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven support adr move tri
wal move iri
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army/dislodged ber
Germany: fleet ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
eng move wal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support adr move tri
bel move nth
ber hold
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
eng support bel move nth
gre move ion
hol hold
iri move mid
lon support wal move eng
lvn move stp/sc
mid move iri
mos support ukr move sev
mun hold
nth support wal move eng
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rum support sev
ser hold
sev support rum
sil support bur move mun
stp move lvn
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ukr move sev
ven support pie move tyr
wal move eng
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move bre
mun move kie
tyr move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support bre move eng
ber hold
boh move vie
bud move vie
bul hold
hol move bel
kie support ber
mid support bre move eng
mos move sev
mun support sil move ber
par move bur
rum support sev
ser move bud
sil move ber
tyr support bud move vie
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support bre move eng
boh hold
bre move eng
bud move gal
bur move ruh
mid support bre move eng
mos move war
mun support sil move ber
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
sil move ber
tri support ven
ukr move mos
ven support tri
vie hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove boh
build Fleet bre
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support ruh move hol
ber support mun move kie
bre move eng
bul move rum
eng move wal
gal move war
mid support bre move eng
mos support war move lvn
mun move kie
ruh move hol
rum move bud
sev move mos
tri support ven
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
ven support tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support hol
bud move vie
eng move lon
gal support ukr move war
hol support kie
kie support hol
mid move iri
rum move ukr
ukr move war
vie move boh
wal support eng move lon
war move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Army mar
build Army par
remove pru
build Army smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bel move nth
boh move sil
bre move eng
con move aeg
gal move boh
lon support bel move nth
mos move lvn
sev move mos
wal move iri
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
alb move adr
ber support mun
eng move iri
gre move alb
ion move tun
kie support ber
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun support ber
nth move edi
smy move gre
ukr move mos
wal support eng move iri
war move pru
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet/dislodged iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
