PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
apu move tun via convoy
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur hold
con move bul
den move swe
edi move bel via convoy
ion convoy apu move tun
lvn hold
mid move spa/nc
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
pru move war
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
sil support pru move war
spa move por
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bot
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army smy
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move mun
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur support ber move mun
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nrg
gre hold
ion move tun
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn move war
mar move gol
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move swe
par move gas
por move spa
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
sil support war
smy move arm
spa/nc move mid
tri support vie move tyr
tun move naf
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war support sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh move tyr
bul support rum
bur move mar
gas support bur move mar
gre move ion
kie move hol
lvn move mos
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mun hold
nth move lon
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
rum support bul
ser hold
sev move rum
sil support war
spa move gas
tri support tyr move ven
tun move wes
tyr move ven
tys support tun move wes
ukr support sev
ven support boh move tyr
vie hold
war support sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army lvp
remove naf
remove tyr
remove ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar move nwy
ber move sil
bla move con
bud move gal
bul move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
gas move mar
ion support ven move apu
kie move mun
lvp move yor
gol convoy mar move tus
mid move naf
mar move tus via convoy
mos hold
mun move boh
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev support mos
sil move gal
stp move mos
swe move bot
tri move ven
ven move apu
vie move tyr
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move nap
boh move vie
bud move vie
gal support boh move vie
ion support apu move nap
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move swe
ser move bud
sil support gal
spa move gas
stp support mos
tus move rom
tyr support bud move vie
ven support tyr
war support stp move mos
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm hold
bel move nwy via convoy
ber move sil
bud support tyr move vie
bul move rum
con move aeg
gal move bud
gas move mar
ion move adr
gol move tys
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nap move apu
nth convoy bel move nwy
nwy move fin
pie support tus move ven
rom support tys move nap
rum move gal
ser support bud
sev support ukr move mos
sil move boh
stp move mos
tus move ven
tyr move vie
tys move nap
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie move tri
war support mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg move gre
apu hold
boh support mun move tyr
bot support fin move stp
bud support tyr move tri
bul move ser
fin move stp
gal move bud
mar move bur
mun move tyr
nth move bel
nwy move fin
pie support ven
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud
sev support mos
sil move gal
stp move lvn
tyr move tri
tys move rom
ven support tys move rom
vie support gal move bud
war support stp move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rom disband
ser disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove apu
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
ank move bla
arm move sev
ber move mun
boh support tyr
bud support gal
bur move mar
con move bul
fin move stp
gal support bud
gre move alb
lon move nth
lvn support stp move mos
mar move gol
mos support sev move ukr
nap hold
par move gas
pie move ven
rom move nap
rum support sev move ukr
ser support rum
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
stp move mos
tun move tys
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu support nap
boh move gal
bre move par
bud support gal move rum
gal move rum
gas hold
lvn support mos
gol move wes
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move boh
nap hold
rom support tys move nap
stp support mos
tri support bud
tyr support ven
tys move nap
ven support tri
vie support tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bla support bul move rum
boh move vie
bud move ser
bul move rum
gal support rum
gas move mar
lvn move war
mar move gol
mos support war move ukr
nap move ion
par move bur
pie support ven
rom move nap
rum support bud move ser
ser move bud
sev support ukr move mos
stp move lvn
tri support bud move ser
tyr support tri
tys support rom move nap
ukr move mos
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mos move stp
nap disband
ser move gre
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bud support ser
bur support mar
gal support rum
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn support stp move mos
gol hold
mar support bur
nap support tys move ion
nth convoy lon move nwy
pie support ven
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
stp move mos
tri support ser
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie support tri
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lon
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bud support tri move ser
gal support rum
ion move eas
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn support war
gol hold
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support tyr
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp
pie move ven
rum support bul
tri move ser
tun move tys
tyr support mun
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bud support ser
bul support rum
eas convoy pie move syr
gal move boh
ion convoy pie move syr
lvn support war
gol convoy pie move syr
mos move sev
mun support tyr
nwy move stp
pie move syr via convoy
rum support bul
ser support bul
stp move mos
tri support ser
tyr support mun
tys convoy pie move syr
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
bla support gre move bul
boh support mun
bud support vie
bul support ser move gre
bur support par
con support gre move bul
eas move aeg
gre move bul
ion move gre
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support bur
par support bur
rum support bul
ser support ion move gre
sev move arm
stp move mos
syr move smy
tri support ser
tyr support mun
tys move ion
ukr move gal
ven support tri
vie support ukr move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel support nth move hol
boh move vie
bot move bal
bud move rum
bur move ruh
eas move aeg
gal support vie move bud
gre support ser move bul
ion move adr
lon move nth
lvn move pru
mos move war
mun support tyr
nth move hol
par move bur
pie move tyr
rum move bul
ser move bul
smy support arm move ank
swe move den
tri move vie
tyr support mun
tys move ion
ven support pie move tyr
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
hol move kie
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
remove kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove rum
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
ank support smy move con
bal move kie
bel support hol
bre move mid
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
den support bal move kie
eas move smy
edi move nrg
gre move bul/sc
hol support bal move kie
ion move aeg
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move pie
nth support bel
par move bur
pie move tyr
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
sev move rum
sil support pru move ber
smy move con
tri support pie move tyr
ven support pie move tyr
war support sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
bur support mun
con move bul
den move kie
hol support den move kie
iri support nrg move nat
kie move ber
mun hold
nth support bel
nrg move nat
ruh support mun
rum support sil move gal
ser move bud
sil move gal
smy move con
tri support ser move bud
tyr move vie
ven support tri
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
gal disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army bre
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move smy
ank move smy
bel support lon move pic
ber support kie
bre support par move pic
bud support tri move vie
bul move ser
bur support mun
con support aeg move smy
edi move den via convoy
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move bud
gre move bul/sc
hol support bel
iri support nat move mid
kie support ber
lon move pic via convoy
mar move spa
mun support ruh
nat move mid
nth convoy edi move den
par move pic
pie move gol
ruh support mun
rum support gal move bud
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
mid move por
vie disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel hold
ber support den move kie
bre hold
bud support rum
bur support mun
con support smy
den move kie
eng support mid move bre
gal support bud
hol support den move kie
iri move mid
kie move bal
lvp move iri
gol move wes
mid move bre
nth support bel
par support eng move bre
por support spa
ruh support mun
rum support bud
ser support tri move bud
smy support con
spa support por
tri move bud
tyr support mun
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
