PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move mun
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
eng move bre
gal move war
ion move tun
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move hol
ser support tri
sev move rum
stp move nwy
tyr move tri
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tyr move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move mun
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul move rum
con move bla
gre hold
kie move hel
lon move eng
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nwy move fin
par move bre
por move mid
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
spa move gas
swe move ska
tri move alb
tun move wes
ukr move war
vie support war move gal
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb hold
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bre hold
bul hold
den move nth
eng support bre
fin move nwy
gal support rum
gas move bre
gre support bul
hol support ruh move bel
ion move alb
lon hold
mos support sev
nwy move swe
par support gas move bre
por move spa/sc
ruh move bel
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
sev hold
ska support fin move nwy
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support gal
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
remove mos
build Fleet nap
remove pie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move bla
bla move rum
bre move mid
bul support bla move rum
edi move nth
eng support edi move nth
gal support vie
gas move bre
gre move ser
ion move adr
kie move mun
mun move boh
nap move ion
nwy support ska move swe
par support gas move bre
pic support gas move bre
por move spa/sc
rum move bud
ser support rum
sev move rum
ska move swe
swe hold
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ukr support sev move rum
war move mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move yor
swe move bal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bal move ber
bla move rum
bre hold
bud support gal move rum
bul support gre move ser
eng move bre
gal move rum
gre move ser
hel support yor move nth
lon move yor
gol move mar
mid move por
mos move war
nth move edi
nwy support swe
par move bur
pic support bre
ser move gre
sev hold
spa/sc move gol
swe support nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ukr support sev
vie move gal
yor move nth
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army con
remove gal
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move ank
bel move bur
ber move kie
bla support bul move rum
bud support rum
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
edi move nth
eng support edi move nth
gre hold
ion move aeg
gol support bur move mar
mar move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun support bel move bur
nap move tys
nth move lon
nwy hold
por move spa/sc
rum support bud
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
swe move bal
tri support vie move bud
ukr support sev move rum
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move pru
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move gal
nth move nrg
rum disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
bal support pru move ber
bla support rum
bre move par
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur move par
eng support nth move bel
gal move ukr
gre move aeg
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion move aeg
kie move den
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mos move war
mun move ber
nth move bel
nrg move edi
nwy hold
pie support bur move mar
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev support rum
tri move alb
tys move ion
ukr move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet edi
remove hol
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank support con move smy
bal move kie
bel hold
ber support bal move kie
bla move con
bre hold
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move smy
den hold
edi move nth
eng move mid
gre move alb
ion move gre
gol move pie
mar support par move bur
nap move tys
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
sev hold
stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie
tys move tun
ukr support sev
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hol
smy move aeg
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
ank move con
bel support nth move hol
ber support sil move mun
bud support ser move tri
bur move mar
con move aeg
den move kie
gre move ion
hol support ruh move kie
ion support alb move gre
lon move yor
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc
mar support gol move spa/sc
mun move ber
nth move hol
nwy support swe
pie move ven
ruh move kie
rum move ser
ser move tri
sev hold
sil move mun
smy support con move aeg
spa/sc hold
swe support nwy
tun move wes
tys support tun move wes
ukr support sev
vie move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
gre move bul/sc
hol move hel
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove bur
build Fleet edi
remove hel
build Fleet lon
remove ruh
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
remove wes
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move bla
bel support lon move nth
ber move kie
bul/sc support aeg move gre
bud support tri
con hold
den support hol move kie
eas move ion
edi move nrg
gre move ser
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move den
lon move nth
gol move wes
mid support spa/sc
mar move spa
mun support ber move kie
nwy move nrg
ser support aeg move gre
sev hold
smy move aeg
spa/sc hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe support kie move den
tri hold
tys move tun
ukr support sev
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ven move tri
bel move hol
bla convoy con move rum
bul/sc support gre
bud support tri
con move rum
den hold
edi move nrg
gre support aeg move ion
hol move hel
ion move gre
kie support den
mid support spa/sc
mar move spa
mun move tyr
nth support edi move nrg
nwy move nrg
ser support tri
sev hold
sil move boh
spa/sc hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe support den
tri hold
tun support ion
tys support wes
ukr support sev
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ion move adr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support vie move tri
bla move con
boh move vie
bul/sc move gre
bud support boh move vie
den move nth
gre move alb
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move adr
kie support swe move den
mid support spa/sc
mar support wes move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
nwy support den move nth
rum move ser
ser move tri
sev move bla
smy move aeg
spa/sc hold
stp/nc move bar
swe move den
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support boh move vie
tys move nap
ukr support war move gal
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move ion
alb support ion move adr
bar move nwy
bla support ukr move rum
bre move pic
bud support ser move tri
con move aeg
den hold
gal support ukr move rum
gre support aeg move ion
hel move hol
ion move adr
kie move den
mid support spa/sc
nap move ion
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
nwy move nth
ruh move bel
rum move ser
ser move tri
spa/sc hold
swe support den
tri move ser
tun support nap move ion
tyr support ser move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie support tyr
wes support ion move tun
yor hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: fleet/dislodged adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
apu support ven
bar move nrg
bla support rum
bud move tri
con move aeg
den move hel
gal move bud
gre support aeg move ion
hol move bel
kie move den
lon move eng
mid support spa/sc
mar move bur
nap move ion
nth support kie move den
nrg move nwy
nwy support bar move nrg
pic move bel
ruh move hol
rum support gal move bud
ser move rum
spa/sc hold
swe move den
tri move ven
tun support nap move ion
tyr move mun
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move sil
wes move gol
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nrg move edi
ven move rom
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move con
alb support ion
apu support rom move ven
bla move ank
bud move tri
bur move bel
den move kie
edi move nrg
eng support hol move bel
gal move bud
gre move aeg
hel support ruh move hol
hol move bel
ion support adr move apu
lon move yor
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mun move kie
nap support tun move ion
nth move den
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
pic support bur move bel
rom move ven
ruh move hol
rum support gal move bud
ser move gre
sil move mun
spa/sc hold
swe move den
tun move ion
ven support adr move apu
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove adr
remove aeg
remove alb
remove apu
remove con
remove gre
remove ion
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove gol
build Fleet sev
remove tri
remove ven
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
alb move ion
ank support sev move bla
bre move pic
bud move ser
bur move bel
con hold
den support lon move nth
edi support nth move nrg
eng support lon move nth
gre move smy
hel support nwy move nth
hol move kie
ion move tys
lon move nth
lvp move nat
mun move ruh
nap support tun move ion
nth move nrg
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
pic support bur move bel
rom move ven
rum support bud move ser
sev move bla
sil move ber
spa/sc move mar
swe move den
tri move ven
tun move ion
ven move tus
vie move tyr
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nrg move bar
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
ank move con
bar move nrg
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support rum move bul
bre move pic
con support smy move ank
den hold
edi support lon move nth
eng support lon move nth
gal move bud
hel move nth
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move nth
mar hold
nat support nrg
nap move ion
nrg hold
nwy support bar move nrg
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh move hol
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
smy move ank
swe support kie move den
tri move vie
tus move rom
tyr move vie
tys support tus move rom
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
den move ska
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove nat
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
remove tri
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank support con
arm move ank
bar move nrg
bel move hol
bla support arm move ank
bre move pic
bud move tri
bul move con
con support ank
den support swe
edi move nrg
eng move bel
hel support den
ion move aeg
kie move hol
mar move gol
nap support ven move rom
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move ska
pic move par
rom move apu
ruh support kie move hol
ser support bud move tri
sev move bla
ska support nrg move nwy
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tun move ion
tyr support bud move tri
tys move ion
ven move rom
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ank support bla move con
bar support stp move nwy
bla move con
bul support bla move con
con support aeg move bul/sc
den support swe
edi move nrg
eng move bre
gre support aeg move bul/sc
hel move nth
hol support ruh move bel
gol hold
nap support rom
nth move bel
nwy move swe
par move gas
pic support nth move bel
rom support nap
ruh move bel
ser move gre
sev move bla
sil move mun
ska support nwy move swe
stp move nwy
swe support den
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move ion
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
