PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm support bla move sev
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move bre
gal support rum
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy edi move nwy
rum support ukr move sev
ser support alb move gre
sil move war
spa move por
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm support bla move sev
ber move bal
bla support bul move rum
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
den move swe
edi move nrg
gal support mos move war
gre move ion
hol support nth move bel
lon move eng
mar move gas
mos move war
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth move bel
nwy support den move swe
par move bre
por move spa
rum move bla
ser move tri
sev hold
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
swe move bal
tri support ven move tyr
tun support nap move ion
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie support ser move tri
war hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
swe move bot
tri move alb
war move lvn
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
alb move tri
arm support bla move sev
bel support eng move pic
ber move bal
bla move sev
boh move vie
bot move stp/sc
bre move mid
bud move ser
eng move pic
gal support war
gas support pic move bre
gre hold
hol hold
ion move gre
kie move den
lvn move mos
mid move iri
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
rum support bla move sev
sev hold
sil move war
swe hold
tri support vie
tun move ion
tyr support boh move vie
vie support tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gre move bul/sc
sev move ukr
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bot
build Fleet con
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move ser
arm move sev
bal move den
bar move nrg
bel move eng
ber move pru
bre hold
bud support tri move vie
bul/sc move gre
con move bul/ec
gal support war
gas move spa
gre support aeg move bul
ion move adr
iri move lvp
mid move bre
mos move war
nwy move stp
par support bre
pic support mid move bre
rum support con move bul
ser support bul/sc move gre
sev move bla
sil support mos move war
spa move por
tri move vie
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move bud
war support gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move ion
alb move ser
bal move den
bla move con
boh move vie
bre hold
bud move tri
bul/ec hold
den move kie
eng support pic move bre
gal support war
gre support bul/ec
hol move ruh
mid support pic move bre
mos support pru move war
nrg move nat
par support bre
pic move bre
por support spa
pru move war
rum support alb move ser
ser support bud move tri
sev support rum
sil support pru move war
spa support por
swe move ska
tri support alb move ser
tyr support boh move vie
vie support bud move tri
war support gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove gal
remove lvn
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bre move gas
bud move rum
bul/ec move bla
con support smy move aeg
den move hel
edi support nat move lvp
eng move bre
gas move par
gre support adr move ion
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvp move wal
mid support bre move gas
mos support war move ukr
mun hold
nat move lvp
nap support rom move tys
par move pic
rom move tys
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser support tri move bud
sev move ukr
sil move gal
ska move nth
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
tri move bud
tyr hold
vie support tri move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ber hold
bla support sev
bud move ser
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
edi move lon via convoy
gas move spa/nc
gre support ser move bul
hel move hol
ion move tun
lvn move pru
mid support gas move spa
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move lon
par move gas
pic move bel
por move spa
rum support sev
ser move bul
sev hold
spa move mar
tun move wes
tyr hold
tys support ion move tun
ukr support mos move sev
vie move bud
wal move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
bel move pic
ber hold
bla move bul/ec
bre move eng
bud move ser
bur move par
con support bla move bul
edi move bel via convoy
gal move rum
gas support wes move spa
gre support ser move bul
hol support edi move bel
ion move eas
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
mid support spa/nc move por
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move bel
por support wes move spa
pru move sil
ser move bul
sev support rum
spa/nc move por
tun hold
tyr move tri
tys move gol
ukr support gal move rum
vie move bud
wal move eng
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
France: fleet/dislodged wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
wal move iri
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla support sev move rum
bud move ser
con support aeg move smy
eas move smy
gas support pic move par
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
ion move aeg
iri move mid
gol move spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mos hold
mun move tyr
nth hold
par hold
pic move par
por support mid move spa
rum hold
ser move bul
sil move gal
spa/sc hold
tun move wes
ukr support rum
vie move bud
wal move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
par move bur
spa/sc move mar
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove gas
build Army mun
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bla support sev
bre hold
bul move con
bur move par
con hold
eas move smy
edi move bel via convoy
gal move vie
hol support edi move bel
lvp move iri
gol move pie
mid support par move bre
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth convoy edi move bel
par move bre
pic support bur move par
por support spa/sc
rum support mos move sev
ser support bul
sev hold
sil move boh
smy hold
tyr move pie
ukr support mos move sev
ven support gol move pie
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
England: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
sev move arm
smy move syr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
England: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move ank
bel move bur
bla support arm move ank
boh move gal
bre move par
bud support ser move rum
bul support aeg move con
con hold
gas support pic move bre
iri move mid
lon move bel via convoy
gol support pie move mar
mid move nat
mar hold
mun support tyr
nth convoy lon move bel
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
rum hold
ser move rum
sev hold
smy support aeg move con
spa/sc support por
syr move eas
tri move vie
tyr hold
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army ber
remove bla
remove eas
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove nat
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber move sil
bre move gas
bud support tri move vie
bul support ser move rum
bur move mar
con move ank
eas move ion
gal move bud
gas move mid
gre move aeg
hol hold
kie move hel
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar support gol move spa
mun move boh
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move bel
par move bre
por support spa/sc
rom move tus
rum support gal move bud
ser move rum
smy hold
spa/sc support bur move mar
tri move vie
tyr move pie
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move ruh
boh move tyr
bre hold
bud support tri move vie
bul support rum
bur move mar
gal support ukr move rum
gas support bur move mar
hel move nth
ion move nap
iri move eng
gol move spa/sc
mid move naf
mar support gol move spa
nth move eng
pie hold
por move spa/sc
ruh move mun
rum support bud
sev support ukr move rum
sil move boh
smy move aeg
spa/sc move gol
tri move vie
tus move pie
tys move nap
ukr move rum
ven support tus move pie
vie move bud
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
England: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
