PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move bal
lon move nth
lvp move cly
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bal hold
ber move pru
boh move mun
bot move swe
bul move gre
cly move nwy
con move bul
eng move mid
ion move gre
lvn support war move pru
nth move hol
nrg convoy cly move nwy
pic move bel
rum move ser
sev move rum
sil move pru
spa move por
tri move adr
tyr move vie
ven move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army sev
remove sil
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move tri
bal move lvn
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move nth
hol move kie
ion move gre
lon hold
lvn move swe
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos move lvn
mun move tyr
nrg hold
nwy hold
par move bur
por move spa
rom move ven
rum hold
ser move tri
sev hold
smy move aeg
swe hold
tri move ser
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support bul move gre
bal hold
bud hold
bul move gre
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
ion move tun
kie support lon move den
lon move den
lvn move pru
gol move tys
mos support lvn move war
nth convoy lon move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser move bud
sev hold
sil move ber
swe move bal
tri move ser
tyr move ven
ven move pie
wes move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove ser
remove sil
remove tyr
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nrg
gre support bul move ser
ion move tun
kie move bal
lon move nth
lvn move stp
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun move sil
nth move ska
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move mar
pru hold
rom hold
rum hold
sev hold
spa move tun
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr hold
ven move pie
wes convoy spa move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move mar
gre move bul
ion move tun
kie move ber
mar move gol
mos move lvn
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move bar
nwy support ska move swe
pie move mar
pru hold
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev move ukr
sil move war
ska move swe
spa move tun
stp move fin
swe move bal
tri move tyr
tyr hold
tys support spa move tun
ven move pie
vie hold
wes convoy spa move tun
yor move den
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army par
remove tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal move pru
bar support fin move stp
ber move sil
bla support rum move sev
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
den move kie
fin move stp
ion move tun
lon move hol
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move nrg
par move pic
pie move mar
rom hold
rum move sev
swe move bal
tri hold
tun hold
tys move nap
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
pie move tus
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
boh move mun
bul move ser
bur move ruh
hol move kie
ion support rom move nap
kie move ber
mun hold
nap support tun move rom
pic move bel
pie hold
pru move lvn
rom move nap
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev support rum move ukr
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tun move rom
tus support ven move pie
tys convoy tun move rom
ven move pie
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
France: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
nap move apu
pie move mar
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
remove ion
build Fleet lon
remove nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move adr
bel move bur
ber move pru
bla convoy con move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bud move vie
con move sev
edi move nwy
kie move hol
lon move eng
gol convoy mar move nap
mar move nap
mun hold
nth support kie move hol
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move gas
pie move mar
ruh support mun
ser move tri
sev move mos
smy move eas
stp/nc move bar
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys convoy mar move nap
ukr support sev move mos
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
arm move sev
bal move ber
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bur support gas move mar
con move bul
eas support ion
eng move mid
gas move mar
ion move tun
lvn move bot
gol move spa/sc
mar move spa
mun support sil move boh
nwy move stp
pru move sil
rom support adr move ven
ruh support mun
sev move ukr
sil move boh
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr move gal
war support mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
mar move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army par
remove pie
build Army smy
remove tus
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
eas move ion
gal support ukr move war
hol move kie
ion move adr
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move tyr
nap hold
par move bur
pru move sil
rom move ven
ruh move mun
sev move mos
sil move boh
stp move lvn
tys move tun
ukr move war
ven move adr
war support mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
France: army/dislodged war
France: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
France: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
boh move vie
bul/sc move gre
bur move mun
eas support ion
gal support war
lvn support pru move war
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support pru move war
mun move tyr
pie move ven
pru move war
rom support pie move ven
rum support gal
sev move mos
sil move boh
smy move con
tri support vie
tun support tys move ion
tyr support boh move vie
tys move ion
ven move adr
vie support tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
arm move sev
boh move gal
con move bul
eas support ion
gal support war
gre move alb
ion move adr
kie move den
lvn support pru move war
mid move wes
mos support pru move war
pie move ven
pru move war
rum move bud
sev move ukr
sil support pru move war
smy move con
tri support vie
tun support tys move ion
tyr support ven move tri
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie support tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move aeg
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support eas move ion
alb move adr
bar convoy den move stp
boh move vie
bud support vie
bul move rum
den move stp
eas move ion
gal move war
ion move alb
lvn support mos
mos hold
mun support boh
nth convoy den move stp
nrg convoy den move stp
pie move ven
sev move mos
sil support war
tri support vie
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
tys support ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tri
vie support tri
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move gre
tri move ser
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove con
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove rum
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud support ser move tri
gre hold
mar move gol
par move bur
ser move tri
sil support war
tri support boh move vie
tun support tys move ion
tyr support boh move vie
tys move ion
ven move alb
war hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
