PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre hold
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bla move ank
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul move rum
bur move pic
eng move bre
gal support rum move bud
hol support yor move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
mar move gas via convoy
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move bel
rom support ven
smy move con
ukr move rum
ven hold
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
bel move pic
bla move con
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move par
con move bul
den hold
eng move mid
gal move bud
gas support bre
gre support nap move ion
kie move bal
lvp move iri
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move eng
pic support bur
rom move apu
rum support bud
smy move syr
swe move nwy
tri hold
ukr move rum
ven support rom move apu
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
apu support ven
bal move swe
bel move pic
bla support rum move bul
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
den support bal move swe
gal move vie
gas move spa
gre move ion
hol hold
ion move tun
iri support nth move eng
mid move por
nth move eng
nwy move swe
par support bel move pic
pic move bel
rum support bud move ser
tri hold
ukr move rum
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army/dislodged pic
England: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pic move bur
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ber
remove bur
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Army rom
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support rom move ven
ber move pru
bla move sev
bre hold
bud move gal
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
eng move mid
gal move sil
hol move nth
ion move aeg
iri support eng move mid
kie move bal
lon move eng
mar move gas
mun move sil
nwy hold
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
rum support bud move gal
spa hold
stp/sc move bot
swe move bot
syr move arm
tri move vie
tun move ion
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move bla
apu move gre
arm move sev
bal convoy den move lvn
boh move mun
bre hold
bul move gre
den move lvn via convoy
eng support bre
gal move bud
ion convoy apu move gre
iri move mid
mid move spa/sc
mun move boh
nth move nwy
nwy hold
par support eng move bre
pie move tyr
por support mid move spa
pru move war
rum move ser
ser move alb
sev move bla
spa hold
stp/sc move bot
swe support nth move nwy
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie support gal move bud
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move ska
spa disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
remove sev
remove ska
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support arm
apu move nap
arm move smy
bal move bot
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bre hold
bud move tri
bul move gre
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move pic
gas move mar
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move pic via convoy
lvn support pru move war
mid support bre
mun hold
nap move tys
nwy move stp/nc
par hold
por move spa/sc
pru move war
ser support bud move tri
smy move aeg
spa/sc move gol
swe support bal move bot
tri move ven
tyr move pie
ven move rom
vie support bud move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Russia: fleet/dislodged bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move bal
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bre move gas
eng move mid
gre hold
lvn move mos
gol hold
mid move naf
mar hold
mun move boh
nth move eng
nwy support bot move stp
par move bur
pic move bel
ser move bul
sil move ber
smy hold
spa/sc move wes
swe move den
tri support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bal support kie move ber
bel move ruh
ber move kie via convoy
boh move sil
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move ruh
den move nth
eng move mid
gas move par
kie move ber
gol move tus
mid move wes
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun hold
naf move tun
nwy move nrg
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
vie support bud move gal
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
arm move sev
bal support ber
bel move hol
ber support mun move sil
bla convoy ank move sev
bot hold
bur move ruh
gal support rum move ukr
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun move sil
nth move nrg
nrg move nat
par hold
pru move lvn
rum move ukr
sev hold
sil move war
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support vie move boh
tys support tus move rom
ukr move war
ven support rom
vie move boh
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Germany: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
sil move pru
ukr move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move sev
bal move den
ber move pru
bla support arm
boh move gal
bot hold
bur move mun
edi move lvp
eng move bre
gal move rum
hol move bel
ion move alb
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mos support sev move ukr
nat move mid
nrg move nat
par move gas
ruh support bur move mun
sev move ukr
sil support mun move boh
tri move adr
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support tus move rom
ukr support arm move sev
ven move apu
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ukr move war
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support ion move adr
apu move rom
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support arm
bot move lvn
bre move gas
bur move mun
den move bal
eng move mid
gal move boh
gas move spa
ion move adr
iri support eng move mid
lvp hold
mid move wes
mos support pru move war
mun move boh
nat move mid
pru move war
rom hold
ruh move hol
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
sil support pru move war
tyr support gal move boh
tys support rom
ukr support pru move war
ven support apu move rom
war support sev move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
ukr move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
ank move sev via convoy
apu move rom
bal convoy ber move lvn
bel hold
ber move lvn via convoy
boh move mun
bur move mun
gas move spa/nc
gre support tri move alb
hol move ruh
iri move eng
lvn move bot
lvp move wal
mid move naf
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nat move nrg
rom support spa move tus
rum move ser
sev move mos
sil support mun move boh
spa move tus
tri move alb
tyr support ven
tys convoy spa move tus
ukr support sev move mos
ven support apu move rom
vie support tri
war support mos move ukr
wes convoy spa move tus
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move tri
ank move sev via convoy
bal hold
boh support mun move tyr
bot move stp/sc
eng convoy wal move bre
gal support vie move boh
gre support ser move alb
lvn support war move mos
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nrg move nat
rom hold
ruh move mun
ser move alb
sil move war
spa/nc move mid
tri support ser move alb
tus move rom
tyr support tri
tys support tus move rom
ukr move sev
ven support rom move tyr
vie move boh
wal move bre
war move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
England: fleet/dislodged alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
boh move sil
mos move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb hold
ank move sev via convoy
bal convoy ber move lvn
bel hold
ber move lvn via convoy
boh move sil
bre move gas
bud support gal
eng move bre
gal move war
ion move aeg
lvn move mos
mid move naf
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nat hold
rom move tus
ruh move mun
sev hold
sil support mun move boh
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys support tus move rom
ven support rom move tus
war support mos move ukr
wes hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
Austria: army/dislodged rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move vie
rom move apu
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move bul/sc
alb support gre
ank move smy
apu support ven move rom
bal hold
bel move bur
ber move sil
bla move con
boh move gal
bot hold
bre move mid
bud support gal
gal move war
gas move mar
ion move aeg
lvn move mos
mos move ukr
mun support sil move boh
naf move tun
nat hold
pie support ven
rom hold
sev support mos move ukr
sil move boh
tri move adr
tys support rom
ukr move sev
ven move rom
vie move boh
war support boh move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gal move rum
ukr disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
remove bot
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove pie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support bul/sc move gre
ank support smy
apu move rom
bal hold
boh move tyr
bud move gal
bul/sc move gre
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
edi move lvp
gal move rum
gre support con move bul
lon move eng
lvp move iri
gol convoy mar move tus
mid move wes
mar move tus
mos support sev
mun support boh move tyr
nat move nrg
rom hold
rum move bul
sev support gal move rum
sil move gal
tri move adr
tun move ion
tys support rom
ukr support gal move rum
ven support apu move rom
vie move boh
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
England: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
England: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
England: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move bul/sc
apu move ven
bal hold
boh move sil
bud hold
eng support iri move mid
gal support rum move bud
gre support aeg move bul
ion move eas
iri move mid
lvp move wal
gol move mar
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move boh
nrg move nwy
rom support tus move ven
rum move bud
ser support bud
sev move arm
tri move alb
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
tys support rom
ukr move rum
ven move tri
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb support ser move tri
arm move syr
bal move bot
ber move sil
boh move tyr
bud support ser move tri
bul/sc move con
eas move smy
eng move mid
gal move vie
gre support adr move alb
kie move ber
lon move eng
mid move wes
mun support ber move sil
nwy move ska
rom move nap
ser move tri
sev move arm
tun move ion
tyr support gal move vie
tys support rom move nap
ukr support rum
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
Italy: army/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ven move tri
arm support syr move smy
ber move sil
boh move tyr
bot hold
bud move ser
bul/sc hold
eas move smy
eng convoy wal move bel
gal support rum move bud
gre move aeg
ion move adr
mid move wes
mar hold
mun support sil move boh
pie move ven
rum move bud
sil move boh
ska move den
syr move smy
tri support boh move tyr
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support tyr move tri
wal move bel
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army lon
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
aeg move con
alb move tri
arm move ank
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh move vie
bot hold
bud move ser
bul/sc support aeg move con
den move hel
eas move syr
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move bud
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move hol
lon move pic
mar move gol
mun move boh
nap move gre via convoy
rum support bud move ser
ser support tri move bud
sil move war
smy support arm move ank
tri move bud
tyr support vie move tri
tys move gol
ven support alb move tri
vie move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Germany: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet syr
England: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Germany: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet syr
England: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move tri
ank support smy
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh support tyr
bot move swe
eng move nth
gal move bud
gre move ser
hel move hol
ion move aeg
kie move ruh
mar move gol
mun move bur
pic move bur
pie move mar
rum support ser
ser support tyr move tri
smy support ank
spa/sc support pie move mar
tri hold
tys move gol
ven support tri
vie support tyr move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet con
England: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet syr
England: fleet tri
England: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet ber
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet con
England: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet syr
England: fleet tri
England: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move eas
ank move con
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud support ser move tri
edi move nrg
hel move nth
kie move hol
mun move bur
nth hold
pru move sil
ruh support kie move hol
rum move ser
ser move tri
smy support ank move con
swe move ska
tri hold
tyr support ser move tri
tys move ion
ven support tri
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Germany: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Germany: army con
England: fleet/dislodged con
England: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet syr
Germany: army tri
England: fleet/dislodged tri
England: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
