PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move boh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
hol support pic move bel
kie move den
mid move por
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
ser support bul move gre
sev move bla
stp move nwy
tri move ven
ukr move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
ank move con
bel hold
ber move bal
boh move mun
bre move eng
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
gre move alb
hol move nth
kie move den
mar move gol
mos move ukr
nth move hol
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move bre
por move spa/sc
rum move bul
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move adr
ven move rom
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support gre move bul
alb move gre
ank move con
apu move nap
bal move ber
bel hold
bla support rum move bul
bre move lon via convoy
con move smy
edi move yor
eng convoy bre move lon
gre move bul
hol move nth
gol move tys
mar hold
mun move ruh
nth move hel
nrg move bar
nwy support swe
rom support apu move nap
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sil move ber
spa/sc move wes
swe support nwy
tri support ser
ukr move rum
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove hel
build Fleet kie
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
bal move ber
bar move nrg
bel hold
bla support bul move con
bre move eng
bud support ser move rum
bul move con
con support gre move bul
eng move lon
gre move bul
kie move hol
lon move wal
mar move pie
nap support adr move ion
nth move edi
nwy support swe
rom support nap
ruh move mun
rum support bul
ser move rum
sil move mun
smy move ank
stp/nc move bar
swe support nwy
tri move ser
tys support wes move tun
vie move gal
war move pru
wes move tun
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
con move smy
rum move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank support smy move con
bar move nwy
bla move bul/ec
bul support smy move con
con support bla move bul
eng move iri
hol move nth
nrg hold
nwy move stp
pie move ven
pru move lvn
ruh move mun
sil move war
smy move con
swe hold
tun hold
tys move rom
ukr move sev
wal move lvp
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
remove nrg
build Army par
build Army smy
remove stp
remove yor
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ank support smy move con
bla support sev move rum
bre move eng
bul move gre
con move bul/ec
iri move nat
lvn move war
lvp move wal
mar move gol
nwy support swe
par move bur
sev move rum
smy move con
swe support nwy
tys move rom
ven support tys move rom
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move hol
bla support rum
bul/ec move con
bur move ruh
con move bul
eng support lon move nth
gre move alb
lon move nth
gol move tys
nat move nrg
nwy support swe
rum hold
swe support nwy
tun support gol move tys
ukr move gal
ven move apu
wal move yor
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Army sev
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank support bul/ec move con
apu move nap
bla convoy sev move bul
bre move eng
bul/ec move con
con move bul
eng move nth
gal move vie
gre move alb
hol support ruh move kie
nth move edi
nwy support swe
par move bur
rom support apu move nap
ruh move kie
rum support sev move bul
sev move bul
swe support nwy
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
war move gal
yor support nth move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Austria: fleet/dislodged nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank support con
bla support bul
bud move tri
bul support rum move ser
bur hold
con support ank
eng move nth
gal move bud
hol support kie
ion move gre
kie hold
nap move rom
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy support swe
rom move nap
rum move ser
ser support bud move tri
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tun move ion
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bla support bul move con
bud move tri
bul move con
bur move ruh
con move bul
edi move nrg
eng move nth
hol support kie
ion move eas
kie support nth move den
mar move pie
mos move war
nap move rom
nth move den
nrg move bar
nwy support stp/nc move bar
par move bur
rom move nap
ser support bud move tri
sev move arm
smy move aeg
stp/nc move bar
swe support den
tun move ion
vie support bud move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
con move smy
tri disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support aeg move con
arm move ank
bar move nrg
bla move bul/ec
bur move mun
con support arm move ank
eas move ion
eng move bel
gre move bul/sc
hol support kie
ion move adr
kie support yor move den
nap move apu
nth convoy yor move den
nwy support bar move nrg
pie move ven
rom move nap
ruh support bur move mun
ser support gre
sil support mun
smy support aeg move con
swe support den
tri support ven
ven move tus
vie move tyr
war move gal
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
France: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
nrg move nat
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tus
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move arm
apu support ven
arm move ank
bel move hol
bla support arm move ank
bur move mun
con move bul/ec
edi move nth
gal move boh
gre support con move bul
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie move den
mar move pie
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nth move ska
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
ruh support bur move mun
ser move bul
sil support mun
smy support ank move arm
stp/nc move nwy
swe support den
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven support adr move tri
war move pru
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support ion move gre
ank support smy
arm move ank
bel move hol
bla support arm move ank
boh support mun
bul/ec move rum
bur move mun
edi move nth
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
ion move gre
kie move den
nat move nrg
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
pie move ven
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
ser move rum
sil support pru move ber
ska support kie move den
smy support ank
stp/nc move bar
swe support den
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven move tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
gre move alb
tri move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move bul/sc
alb move gre
ank support smy
apu support pie move ven
bar move nrg
bel support nrg move nth
ber move kie
bla move rum
boh support sil move mun
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul/ec move con
bur move mun
edi support nrg move nth
gre support aeg move bul
hol support kie
kie support bur move mun
mar move gol
nth support swe move ska
nrg move nth
nwy support bar move nrg
pie move ven
ruh support bur move mun
ser support bud move tri
sil move mun
ska move den
smy support ank
swe move ska
tri hold
tyr support bud move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
France: army/dislodged tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move hel
tri move vie
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move gre
ank move con
bel move nth
ber move kie
boh move mun
bul/sc support gre
bur support ruh move mun
con move aeg
edi hold
eng move iri
gre support bul/sc
hel support nrg move nth
hol hold
kie support nth move den
gol move tys
nth move den
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
ruh move mun
rum move bul/ec
ser support rum move bul
sil support boh move mun
ska support nth move den
smy support ank move con
swe support den
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven support adr move tri
vie support adr move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army/dislodged tri
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move yor
tri move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
