PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu hold
bla move con
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud support tri move ser
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
den move nth
ion support alb move gre
kie move hol
lon move eng
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move bel
sev support ukr move rum
spa move por
tri move ser
ukr move rum
vie move gal
war move gal
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu hold
bel move pic
ber support kie move mun
bla support bul
bre move eng
bud support tri move ser
bul move gre
con support bul
den move nth
gre move aeg
hol move ruh
ion move eas
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ber
nap move ion
nth convoy nwy move bel
nwy move bel
par move pic
por move spa
rum support war move gal
ser move gre
sev support rum
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move ser
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move tyr
nwy move fin
ser move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun
bel move bur
ber support mun
bla move con
bre support par move pic
bud support ser move rum
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move bul
den move nth
eas support gre move aeg
fin support nth move nwy
gal move bud
gre move aeg
ion convoy apu move tun
iri move eng
lon move nth
mun support bel move bur
nth move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
par move pic
ruh move hol
rum support bul move ser
ser move rum
sev support rum
smy hold
spa hold
swe move nwy
tyr move vie
ukr move gal
vie support bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
ser move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army ank
build Army kie
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul support ser move gre
bur move gas
con move smy
den move nth
eas convoy tun move syr
eng support lon move nth
fin support nwy move stp/nc
gal move boh
gre support rum move bul
hol move bel
ion convoy tun move syr
kie move ruh
lon move nth
mun move bur
nwy move stp/nc
par hold
pic move bre
rum move bud
ser move gre
sev move rum
smy move syr
spa move mar
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support bud move ser
tun move syr
tyr move pie
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Italy: army/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tun move gre
ank move con
bar support nwy
boh move vie
bre support par
bul support gre
con move aeg
eas move aeg
eng move nth
fin move swe
gal move bud
gre support bul
ion convoy tun move gre
mid move gas
mar move spa
nth move nwy
nwy support den move nth
par hold
pie move mar
rum support gal move bud
ser move bul
sev move bla
smy support con move aeg
stp/nc support nth move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tun move gre
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb support tri move ser
bar support nwy move stp/nc
bel move pic
boh move vie
bre hold
bud support ser move rum
bul support rum
bur support gas move par
con support bul
den move nth
eas move aeg
edi move nrg
eng move nth
gal move bud
gas move par
gre support rum move bul
ion support eas move aeg
kie move mun
mid move spa/nc
mar support spa move gas
nth move ska
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
ruh support bur
rum support gal move bud
ser move rum
smy support aeg move eas
spa move gas
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move ser
tyr support boh move vie
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb support gre move ser
bar support nwy move stp/nc
bre support gas move par
bud move vie
bul support rum
bur hold
con support bul
den move nth
eas move aeg
eng move pic
gal support vie move bud
gas move par
gre move ser
ion move gre
mar move bur
mun support bur
nrg move bar
nwy move stp/nc
par move bre
pic support par move bre
ruh support bur
rum support vie move bud
ser support gre
ska move den
smy support aeg move eas
spa/nc move mid
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri support bud move vie
tyr support vie
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eas move ion
nwy disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
bar move stp/nc
bre support par
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur support pic move par
con move bul
den move nth
eas support smy move aeg
eng move pic
gal support bud
gre move aeg
ion move eas
lon support den move nth
mid hold
mar hold
mos support bar move stp/nc
mun hold
nth move eng
nrg move bar
nwy support nrg move bar
par hold
pic move par
ruh move kie
rum support bul move ser
ser move tri
smy move aeg
swe move fin
tri support bud move ser
tyr support ser move tri
ven support ser move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move hel
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
bar support fin move stp
bre move pic
bud move tri
bul support ser
bur move ruh
eas move aeg
eng support nth move bel
fin move stp
gal move bud
gre move bul/sc
hel move den
ion move tun
kie support hel move den
lon move nth
mid move spa/sc
mar move bur
mos support stp/nc
mun hold
nth move bel
nwy support fin move stp
par support bre move pic
pic move bel
rum support ser
ser support bud move tri
smy support eas move aeg
tri support alb move ser
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet con
build Fleet mar
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ser
bar move nwy
bel move nth
ber support mun
boh move gal
bud support gal move vie
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mar
con move aeg
den move swe
eng support bel move nth
gal move vie
gre move ion
kie move den
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun support ber
nth move hel
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic move bre
ruh move hol
rum support ser
ser support aeg move gre
smy move eas
spa/sc move wes
tri support tyr move vie
tun support gre move ion
tyr move vie
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move gre
bar move nwy
ber move sil
boh support tri move vie
bre hold
bud support vie
bul support ser
bur hold
den move nth
eas move ion
edi move den
eng move bel
gal support vie
gre support ser move alb
hel support edi move den
hol move bel
kie support mun
gol move spa/sc
mar move naf
mos move stp
mun hold
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move swe
rum support bul move ser
ser move alb
stp move mos
tri move vie
tun support ion
tyr support tri move vie
vie move tri
war move sil
wes convoy mar move naf
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Italy: army/dislodged alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb disband
den move bal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
ber support mun
boh move vie
bre hold
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur move gas
den move kie
eas support smy move aeg
eng move bel
gal support rum move bud
gre move alb
hel support lon move hol
hol support kie
ion move alb
kie support hol
lon move hol
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support ber
nap support tun move ion
nth convoy lon move hol
rum move bud
smy move aeg
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
swe move bal
tun move ion
tyr support boh move vie
vie move tri
war support gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move ruh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb support bud move tri
bal support den move kie
bel support hol
ber support mun
boh move gal
bre move gas
bud move tri
den move kie
eas move ion
gal support rum move bud
gas move bur
gre support eas move ion
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
ion move adr
kie support mun
gol move tus
mos move stp
mun support ber
nap move ion
nth hold
nwy hold
pie move tyr
ruh support kie
rum move bud
ser support bud move tri
smy move eas
stp move mos
tun support nap move ion
tyr move ven
tys support nap move ion
vie support boh move gal
war support gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove ruh
build Army sev
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support vie move tri
aeg move gre
alb move ser
bal support kie move ber
ber support mun
bud support tri move vie
bur move mun
eas move ion
edi move kie
gal support tri move vie
gas move bre
gre move alb
hel convoy edi move kie
hol support edi move kie
kie move ber
mos move stp
mun support ber
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move kie
nwy move swe
ser move bul
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
tri move vie
tun support nap move ion
tus hold
tyr support bur move mun
tys support nap move ion
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber disband
mun disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
bal convoy kie move lvn
bre move gas
bud support tri move vie
eas support alb move ion
gal support tri move vie
gre support alb move ion
hel convoy lon move kie
hol support lon move kie
ion support adr move alb
kie move lvn
lon move kie
mos move stp
mun hold
nth convoy lon move kie
ser support tri
sil move boh
stp support kie move lvn
swe move den
tri move vie
tun support ion
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ukr move war
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army sev
remove tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bal move pru
bel support nth move eng
ber support kie move mun
boh support vie
bre move mid
bud move tri
den move nth
eas move ion
gal support boh
gas move bur
gre support eas move ion
hel hold
hol move ruh
ion move adr
kie move mun
lon hold
lvn support bal move pru
mar move gol
mos support war move lvn
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move eng
par hold
rom move tys
ser support bud move tri
sev support mos
stp support lvn
tun support rom move tys
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support bud move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg convoy bul move apu
bel move eng
ber support pru
boh support sil move mun
bul move apu
bur move ruh
eng move iri
gal move sil
gre support ion
hel move kie
ion convoy bul move apu
lon move bel
lvn support pru
gol move tus
mid move iri
mos support war move lvn
mun move bur
nap hold
nth convoy lon move bel
par move bre
pru support ber
ruh support mun move bur
ser move alb
sev support mos
sil move mun
stp support lvn
tri support vie
tun move ion
tyr support sil move mun
tys support nap
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
aeg support ion
alb move apu
apu move ven
bel support lon move pic
ber support pru
boh move sil
bre move par
bur hold
eng convoy lon move pic
gre support ion
ion convoy alb move apu
kie support ber
lon move pic
lvn support pru
mid move bre
mar hold
mos support war
mun support sil move ber
nap hold
nth move nrg
pru support ber
ruh support bur
sev support mos
sil move pru
stp support lvn
tri support apu move ven
tun move ion
tus move gol
tyr move pie
tys move rom
ven move apu
vie support tri
war support sil move pru
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
apu support ven
bel move nth
boh support mun
bre hold
bur move par
eng support pic move bre
gre support aeg move ion
ion move nap
kie support ber
lvn support pru
gol move wes
mar move gas
mos support war move lvn
mun hold
nap move apu
nrg move nat
par move bur
pic move bre
pie move mar
pru support ber
rom hold
ruh move mun
sev support mos
sil move ber
stp support lvn
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tus move rom
ven hold
vie support tri move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove nap
build Army smy
remove tus
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg convoy smy move nap
apu move rom
ber support pru
boh support mun
bre move par
bur support bre move par
eng move mid
gas support mid move bre
gre support ion
ion convoy smy move nap
kie support ber
lvn support pru
gol move wes
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun hold
nat support eng move mid
nth move eng
par support mid move bre
pru support ber
rom move tys
ruh support bur
sev move mos
sil move pru
smy move nap
stp support lvn
tun move ion
tyr support mun
ven support apu move rom
vie move gal
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army/dislodged bre
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
ber support pru
boh support mun
bre hold
bur move par
eng move bre
gal move ukr
gas move bur
gre move ion
ion move nap
kie support ber
lvn support pru
mid move por
mar support gas move bur
mos support war move lvn
mun hold
nat move mid
nap move apu
par support bre
pic support bur move par
pru support ber
rom support ion move nap
ruh move mun
sev support mos
sil move pru
stp support lvn
tun hold
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ven move pie
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
par move gas
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army con
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove gol
remove mun
build Army smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg convoy smy move nap
apu move ven
ber support pru
boh support tyr move mun
bre hold
con move bul
eng convoy lon move bre
gas move par
ion convoy smy move nap
kie move bal
lon move bre
lvn move stp
lvp move wal
mar hold
mos support war
nat move mid
nap move tys
par move gas
pic support lon move bre
pie move mar
por support nat move mid
rom move tus
ruh move kie
sev move rum
sil support tyr move mun
smy move nap
stp move nwy
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ukr support mos
war support sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support ion
bal move bot
ber support pru
boh move mun
bre support par move gas
bul move gre
eng convoy wal move bel
gas move spa
ion support tys move tun
kie support ber
mid support por move spa/sc
mar support gas move spa
mos support war move lvn
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nwy move swe
par move gas
pic move bur
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rum move gal
sil support boh move mun
tun move ion
tus move pie
tys move tun
ukr move war
ven move tyr
wal move bel
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
bel move ruh
ber support kie move mun
bot support stp
bre move pic
bur support kie move mun
eng move nth
gal move war
gas support por move spa/sc
gre move alb
ion move tys
kie move mun
lvn move stp
lvp move iri
mid support por move spa/sc
mar support wes move spa/sc
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ruh move kie
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
pru move bal
ruh move kie
sev move ukr
sil move ber
smy move aeg
swe move den
tun support ion move tys
tyr support mun
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move ven
bal support ber
ber support den move kie
bot support stp
bur move mun
den move kie
gal move boh
gas support spa/sc
hol support den move kie
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mid move por
mar move spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun support kie move ber
nth move eng
pic move bur
pie support mar
rom support alb move ven
ruh support bur move mun
sil support kie move ber
spa/sc support iri move mid
tun support tys move wes
tus support pie
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr move war
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move gol
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
remove gol
build Army sev
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move ven
aeg move ion
alb move ven
bal support ber
boh support mun
bot support stp
bur support spa/sc move mar
eng move mid
gas support spa/sc move mar
hol move ruh
kie support ber
lvn move stp
lvp move iri
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun support pru move ber
pic hold
pie support mar
por support mid move spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sev move ukr
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc move mar
tun move naf
tyr support mun
tys move gol
war move pru
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move ber
ber move mun
boh move mun
bot support stp
bur support ber move mun
gas support mar
ion move tys
iri support mid
kie support ber move mun
lvn move stp
gol convoy tus move mar
mos support lvn move stp
mun move bur
naf move mid
pic move bre
pie support tus move mar
por support spa/sc
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support ber move mun
sil support pru move ber
tus move mar
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move gal
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army war
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bot support stp
bur support mun
gal move boh
gas support mar
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie support mun
lon move eng
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos support lvn move stp
naf support wes move mid
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru support ber
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support mid move wes
tus support pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ven support tyr
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bot support stp
bur support mun
eng support nat move mid
gal move war
gas support mar
iri support nat move mid
kie support mun
lvn move stp
gol support mid move spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos support lvn move stp
naf support mid
nat move mid
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh support mun
sil support ber move mun
spa/sc support mar
tun support wes
tyr support ber move mun
war move lvn
wes support mid move spa/sc
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bot support stp
bre move par
bur support mar
eng support iri move mid
gal move war
gas support mar
iri move mid
kie move ber
lvn support mos move stp
gol support spa/sc move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
naf move mid
pie support spa/sc move mar
por support mid move spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh support mun
sil support ber move mun
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mar
tun move wes
tus support pie
tyr support ber move mun
ven support pie
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support ber
boh support mun
bot support stp
bur support mar
eng support mid
gal move war
gas support mar
kie support ber
lvn support war move pru
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support pru move ber
naf support wes move mid
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru move ber
sil support mun
spa/sc support mar
tun move wes
tyr support mun
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
