PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move apu
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
apu move adr
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move ank
den move swe
kie move hol
mid move por
mos move sev
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
tri move ven
ukr move rum
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move bla
bel support hol
ber move kie
bla support sev move arm
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud support tri
bul support con
con support bul
den move ska
edi move nwy via convoy
gre move bul/sc
hol support bel
kie move den
mar move spa/sc
mun support vie move tyr
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
par move pic
por move mid
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev move arm
smy move arm
spa move gas
stp/sc move fin
tri support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel support hol
bla support rum
bud hold
bul/sc move gre
con move bul
den move nth
eng move iri
fin move stp/sc
gas move mar
ion convoy nap move tun
kie support hol
lon move eng
mid move nat
nap move tun via convoy
nth support lon move eng
nwy support ska move swe
pic move bre
rum support bul/sc
ser move gre
sev move mos
ska move nwy
smy move arm
spa/sc move mid
swe support ska move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
ber move kie
bla move sev
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul/sc hold
con move bul
den move nth
eng move bel
fin move stp/sc
iri move lvp
kie move den
lvp hold
mid support nat
mar move gas
mos support fin move stp
nat support iri move lvp
nth support eng move bel
nwy support den move nth
rum move sev
ser support bud move rum
stp move nwy
swe move bal
tri move adr
tyr move ven
ven move tus
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move cly
rum move ukr
stp disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
ank move bla
arm move sev
bal move swe
bel hold
ber move kie
bla move sev
bul/sc move gre
cly move lvp
con hold
den support nwy move swe
eng move bre
gal move ukr
gas move bre
ion convoy tun move gre
kie move mun
lvp support nat
mid move eng
mos support ukr move war
mun move sil
nat support lvp
nth move hel
nwy move swe
pic move bur
rom hold
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
stp/sc hold
tun move gre via convoy
tus move rom
ukr move war
ven support tus move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom move nap
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army ber
remove cly
build Fleet mar
build Army smy
remove stp/sc
build Fleet tri
remove tun
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu move nap
ber move pru
bla support mos move sev
bul/sc move gre
bur move mar
con hold
den move nth
eng move bre
gas move bre
hel move nth
hol move kie
ion support nap
kie move den
lvp move wal
mid support nat move iri
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move kie
nat move iri
rom support apu move nap
rum support vie move gal
ser move bud
sev move mos
smy move arm
swe move nwy
tri move adr
ukr support sev move mos
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move bla
apu move nap
arm move sev
bla move rum
bud move tri
con hold
den support kie move hel
eng move nth
gal move war
gas move bre
gre support adr move ion
hel support eng move nth
ion convoy nap move alb
iri move eng
kie move hel
gol move wes
mid support iri move eng
mar move spa
mos hold
mun move sil
nap move alb via convoy
nwy move stp/nc
pru support sil move war
rom support apu move nap
sev move mos
sil move war
ukr support gal move war
ven move pie
wal move lon
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
remove lvn
build Fleet mar
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bla move bul/ec
bre move gas
con hold
den move nth
gal move boh
gre move ion
hel move hol
hol move ruh
ion move tys
kie move mun
lon support den move nth
mid move naf
mar move gol
mos hold
mun move sil
nap support ion move tys
nth move nwy
pie move mar
pru support sil move war
rom move tus
rum move bul
sev move mos
sil move war
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tun hold
ukr support sev move mos
vie move tyr
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move lvn
nth move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support con
bla move bul/ec
boh move vie
con support ank
edi move nrg
eng support bel
gas move bur
hol move bel
ion move tun
gol support spa move mar
mos support sev
mun support sil
naf support tun
nap support tys
nth move edi
pie move mar
pru support war
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bul
sev support mos
sil support mun
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
tun move ion
tys support ion move tun
ukr move rum
ven move pie
war support pru
wes support tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
build Army kie
remove lvn
remove nrg
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel support bur move ruh
ber move sil
bur move ruh
con move bul
edi move nth
eng move mid
hol support edi move nth
kie move ber
lon move eng
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun support ruh move bur
naf support wes move tun
nap move tys
nwy hold
pie move mar
pru move lvn
ruh move bur
rum move bud
sev support mos move ukr
sil move gal
smy move aeg
tri move adr
tun support nap move tys
tus move rom
tyr support pie
tys move tus
ukr move rum
ven move apu
war support sil move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: fleet/dislodged tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tun move ion
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
apu move ven
ber move sil
bla move con
bud support rum
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mar
eng move mid
gal support war move ukr
hol move bel
ion move tys
lvn move mos
gol support mar move pie
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move bur
naf move tun
nap support ion move tys
nth move lon
nwy move nth
pie hold
ruh support hol move bel
rum hold
sev support ukr move rum
sil move boh
tun move ion
tus move gol
tyr hold
ukr move rum
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
remove mid
remove rom
build Fleet smy
remove tus
remove ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
bel move pic
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud move ser
bul hold
bur move bel
con move bla
gal support rum
gre support bul
kie move hel
lon move wal
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move bur
naf move tun
nap support tys
nth move eng
pic support bur move bel
pie move mar
ruh support mun move bur
rum support bud move ser
sev hold
sil support boh move mun
smy move aeg
tri move alb
tun move tys
tyr support pie
tys move tun
ukr support mos move sev
wes support tun move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Austria: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet/dislodged tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
pie move tus
sev move arm
tys move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
bul support con
bur move par
con support bul
eng move bre
gal support rum
gre support aeg
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion support alb move gre
kie move den
gol support pie move tus
mun move bur
nap support ion
pic support bel
pie move tus
rom support tus
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
sev hold
tun support tys
tus hold
tyr move ven
ukr support sev
wal move lvp
wes support tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Fleet tri
remove tun
remove tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
ber move sil
bre move mid
bul hold
bur move gas
con support bul
den move kie
gal support ukr
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
ion move aeg
kie move mun
lvp move iri
gol support pie move mar
mun move bur
nap support rom move tys
nth move eng
par move pic
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh support hol move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
sil move war
tri move adr
tus support ven move pie
ukr support sev
ven move pie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bel support par move pic
bul hold
bur support pie move mar
con support bul
eng move bre
gas move spa
gre move bul
ion move gre
kie move ruh
mid support gas move spa
mun move tyr
nap move tys
par move pic
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev hold
sil move boh
tus move pie
tys move tun
ukr support sev
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mar disband
spa/sc disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
