PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bre move pic
bul move gre
con move bul
gal support ukr move rum
gas move spa
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move eng
mun move tyr
nth convoy yor move bel
rom move ven
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
spa move por
ukr move rum
ven move tri
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move bla
bel move pic
ber move mun
bla move rum
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul support bla move rum
con move ank
den move nth
edi move nrg
eng support bel move pic
gal support sev move rum
gre support ser move bul
hol support pic move bel
kie move hel
nap support tun move ion
nth move hel
par move pic
pic move bel
por move spa
rom support ven
rum move bud
ser move bul
sev move rum
smy move con
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army/dislodged bel
France: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
arm move sev
bel support den move nth
bla support rum
bre move eng
bud support ven move tri
bul move rum
bur move par
con move bul/ec
den move nth
eng move bel
gal support bud
gre support bul
ion move gre
kie move den
mar move bur
mun support mar move bur
nap move apu
nth support eng move bel
nrg move nat
nwy support den move nth
pic move par
rom move ven
rum hold
ser move bud
spa move gas
swe support nwy
tri support ser move bud
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move ruh
nth move edi
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
remove ruh
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ion
bel move eng
bre support bel move eng
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move pic
con support bla move bul
den move nth
edi move nth
eng move lon
gal support bud move vie
gas move bur
hol move ruh
ion move aeg
mar move spa/sc
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nat move iri
nth move yor
nwy support den move nth
pic move bel
rom move ven
rum move bla
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum move bla
swe move ska
tri support vie move bud
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
tri move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
bel hold
bla move ank
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud support ser move tri
bur move mar
con move bul/ec
edi move yor
eng move wal
gal support vie move bud
ion move gre
iri move eng
lon move nth
nth move edi
nwy move nth
pic move bre
ruh move mun
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move ber
ska move den
spa/sc move mid
tri hold
tyr support boh move vie
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tri
vie move bud
yor support nth move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank move con
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul/ec support ank move con
den move hel
edi move nth
gal support ukr move rum
gre support aeg move bul
iri move lvp
lon move nth
mid move iri
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nap move ion
nwy move nth
pic move bel
rom move nap
rum move bla
ser move bul
sev support ukr move rum
smy support ank move con
tri hold
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie move boh
wal move lon
war move sil
yor support edi move nth
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
bla move con
boh move vie
bul/sc hold
con move smy
eng support yor move lon
gal move sil
gre support bul/sc
hel move den
ion move eas
kie move hol
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy move nth
pie move tyr
ruh support mun move kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
smy move syr
tri support boh move vie
tyr move mun
ukr move war
ven support tri
vie move bud
wal support iri move lvp
war move pru
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army rom
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
remove syr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move mun
bla support rum move bul
bud support ser move tri
bul/sc hold
con move smy
eas support ion move aeg
eng support lon move nth
gre hold
hel move nth
ion move aeg
iri support wal move lvp
kie support mun
lon move nth
lvp move cly
mun support kie
nth move hel
nwy move ska
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh move hol
rum move bul
ser move tri
sev move arm
sil support ber move mun
smy move syr
stp/nc move nwy
tri move bud
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
wal move lvp
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move rum
bul/sc move con
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
arm move ank
bel hold
ber move kie
bla support bul move con
bul move con
cly move edi
con support gre move bul
eas move smy
eng support lon move nth
gal support rum move bud
gre move bul/sc
hel support ber move kie
iri move nat
kie support nth move den
lon move nth
lvp support iri move nat
mun support kie
nth move den
nwy move nth
pru move ber
ruh support mun
rum move bud
ser move gre
sil support pru move ber
ska move den
smy support bul move con
syr support smy
tri move alb
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move gre
alb support tri move ser
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support con
bre move pic
bud hold
bul/sc move gre
con support gre move bul
eas move smy
edi move nth
eng support nth
gal move boh
gre move bul
hel support ber move kie
kie move ber
lon support nth
lvp move cly
mun support kie
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nth move ska
nwy support edi move nth
pru move ber
ruh support mun
rum support gre move bul
sil move mun
ska move den
smy support syr move eas
syr move eas
tri move ser
tyr move boh
vie support bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bla support con move bul
bul move ser
cly move edi
con move bul
den move swe
eas support smy move aeg
eng move nth
gal move bud
hel move hol
hol support ruh move kie
kie move mun
lon support eng move nth
mun support ruh move kie
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pic move bel
ruh move kie
rum support bul move ser
sil support kie move mun
ska move den
smy move aeg
tyr support mun
vie support bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet/dislodged aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move ser
bel move hol
ber support sil move mun
bla move con
bre move mid
bud hold
bul move gre
den support nwy move swe
eas move ion
edi move nrg
gal support rum move bud
hel move nth
hol move ruh
ion hold
kie support mun
mar move pie
mun support kie
nap support ion
nth move hel
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
rom move tys
rum support gal move bud
ser move gre
sil move mun
ska move den
stp/nc move bar
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support bud
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support ion move gre
bar support swe move nwy
ber move kie
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mar
con move aeg
den hold
eas move ion
gal support sil move boh
hel move nth
hol support nth move hel
ion move gre
kie move den
mid move nat
mun support kie
nap move ion
nth move hel
nrg support nwy
nwy support ska move swe
pie move tyr
ruh support mun
sil move boh
ska move swe
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tyr move boh
tys support nap move ion
vie support bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove con
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb support tri move ser
bal support den move swe
bar move stp/nc
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud hold
bul move gre
den move swe
eas move ion
gal support rum move bud
hel move den
hol move nth
ion move eas
kie support mun move ber
lvn support bar move stp
mar move bur
mun move ber
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nrg move bar
nwy move stp/nc
pie move tyr
ruh support mun
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
swe move bal
tri move ser
tyr move boh
tys support nap move ion
vie support tyr move boh
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
bud move tri
ser move rum
swe move ska
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
bal support swe move den
bar move stp/nc
ber support mun
boh move gal
bud support rum move ser
bur move mun
den move bal
eas move ion
gal support sil move boh
kie support ber
lvn support stp/nc
mid move wes
mun move kie
nth move den
nrg support nwy
nwy support ska move swe
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ser
sil move boh
ska move swe
swe move den
tyr support bur move mun
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
France: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move hel
mun move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bal support den move swe
bar move stp/nc
ber support mun move sil
boh move vie
bud support boh move vie
den move swe
eas move ion
gal support boh move vie
gre move alb
hel support nth move den
kie support ber
lvn support stp/nc
mar move gol
mun move sil
nth move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move ska
par move bur
ruh support kie
ser support gre move alb
sil move ber
swe move bal
tyr support vie move boh
vie move boh
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sil move war
swe move bot
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
bal move bot
bar support bot move stp
ber move kie
bot move stp/sc
bud move vie
bur hold
den move swe
gal move rum
hel move den
ion move apu
kie move mun
lvn support stp/nc
gol move tys
nwy support bot move stp
ruh support ber move kie
ser move tri
sil move boh
ska support den move swe
swe move den
tun support gol move tys
tyr move ven
vie move boh
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support bud move tri
apu move adr
bal move kie
bar support stp/sc
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud move ser
bur move mar
den move bal
ion hold
lvn support mos move war
mar move gol
mos move war
mun move tyr
nwy support stp/sc
par move bur
ruh move mun
rum move bul
sil move boh
ska move den
swe move bot
tri move vie
tun move ion
tys support nap
ven move rom
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
alb support ser move tri
bal convoy lvn move swe
bar support stp/sc
ber support sil move pru
bot support lvn move swe
bul move gre
bur move mun
den move bal
gal support war move sil
kie hold
lvn move swe via convoy
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nwy support stp/sc
rom support tyr move ven
ser move tri
sil move pru
ska move nth
swe support den move bal
tri move ven
tun support tys move ion
tyr move ven
tys move ion
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move aeg
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move bot
bar support stp/sc
ber move sil
bud move tri
bur move mun
ion move apu
mid move wes
mar move gol
mun move boh
nth move eng
nwy support stp/sc
pie move ven
pru support ber move sil
rom support tys move nap
ser support tri
swe support bal move bot
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support mun move boh
tys move nap
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
France: fleet bot
Russia: fleet/dislodged bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
