PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move gre
con move bul
gal move vie
hol move bel
kie move den
mid move por
mun move ruh
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
par move pic
pie move mar
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank hold
bel support ruh move hol
bul hold
con support bul
gal move bud
gre support ser move bul
kie move den
lon move nth
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth move ska
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
pic support par move bur
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
ruh move hol
rum support gal move bud
ser move bul
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa move gas
swe support kie move den
tri support bud
tun move wes
tyr move pie
ven hold
vie support tri
war move gal
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
ank move con
bel hold
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
den support swe
gal move rum
gas support por move spa
hol support bel
mar hold
mos move stp
nth convoy yor move den
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
rum move ser
ser support gre
sev support gal move rum
ska support yor move den
swe support den
tri support ser
tys move gol
ven hold
vie support bud
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move kie
gre move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet ber
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move bal
bul support gre
con support bul
den support ska move swe
gal move boh
gre support bul
hol support bel
kie move den
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mun move bur
nth support nwy
nwy support ska move swe
pie support mar
rum support war move gal
sev support rum
ska move swe
smy move aeg
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support kie move den
bel support hol
boh move vie
bot move stp/sc
bud support ser
bul support gre move ser
con support bul
den support swe
eng move bel
gal support rum move bud
gre move ser
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie move den
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar hold
nth support eng move bel
nwy support swe
pie support mar
rum move bud
sev move rum
stp move mos
swe support den
tri support vie
ven hold
vie support bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
bal hold
boh support gal move vie
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
con move bul/ec
den support swe
eng move bre
gal move vie
hol support bel
ion move nap
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mar move gas
mos hold
nth move hel
nwy move nth
pie move mar
por support gol move spa
rum hold
ser move tri
smy move aeg
stp/sc move bot
swe support den
tri support vie move bud
tun move tys
ven move rom
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bal support bot move swe
bel support hol
boh move tyr
bot move swe
bre hold
bud move tri
bul support ser
con support bul
den support swe
eng move bel
hel move hol
hol support bel
kie move den
mar hold
mos move lvn
mun support kie
nap support tys move rom
nth support eng move bel
pie support mar
por hold
rom hold
rum hold
ser support bud move tri
smy move gre via convoy
spa/sc hold
swe support den
tys move rom
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom move ven
swe move nwy
tri disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army lon
build Army mos
remove por
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move smy
bal support kie move den
bel support lon move hol
bre move eng
bul hold
con hold
den move kie
gre support ser
hel support den move kie
hol move kie
kie move den
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move stp
mar move gas
mos support lvn move stp
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move bar
pic move bur
pie move mar
rom hold
rum hold
ser support bul
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move bar
swe move den
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move mun
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move nap
bal support swe
bel move eng
bul move rum
con move bla
den support nwy move swe
eng move iri
gal move bud
gas move par
gre move bul
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion convoy smy move nap
lvn move stp
mid move bre
mos support lvn move stp
mun support kie
nth support den
nwy move swe
pic move par
pie move mar
rom move tys
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
smy move nap via convoy
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move gol
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
bal support swe
bar move nrg
bla support rum
bre hold
bud hold
bul support ser
con move gre via convoy
den move kie
eng support iri move mid
gas move par
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie hold
gol move spa/sc
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun support kie
nap move rom
nth hold
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
rum support ser
ser hold
sev hold
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support bud
tys move wes
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ber
nwy move ska
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support ber move kie
bar move nrg
ber move kie
bla support rum
bre hold
bud support sev move rum
bul support rum
eng hold
gal support sev move rum
gre support ser
hel support kie
hol move ruh
kie support hol move ruh
gol support wes move spa
mid move por
mar move spa
mun support ber move kie
nth move nrg
nwy support bar move nrg
par hold
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum hold
ser support rum
sev move rum
ska move den
stp support nwy
tri move ser
tys move rom
ukr support sev move rum
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army mos
remove pie
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bla
bal support kie
bla hold
bre hold
bud move tri
bul support ser
den support hol move kie
eng move iri
gal move bud
gre move alb
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move adr
gol move mar
mar hold
mos move sev
mun support kie
nth move edi
nrg move cly
nwy move swe
par move gas
por move mid
rom move tys
ruh support hol move kie
rum support sev move bla
ser hold
sev move bla
spa/sc support gol move mar
stp move fin
tri move alb
tus move rom
ukr support rum
ven support bud move tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Turkey: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
mar move bur
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank support bla
bal move den
ber support mun
bla support bul move rum
bre hold
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
bur move bel
cly move nrg
den support kie
edi move nrg
fin move swe
gal move vie
gas move mar
gre move alb
hel support kie
iri move lvp
kie support ruh move mun
mid move nat
mar support spa/sc
mos move sev
mun support ber
rom support adr move ven
ruh move mun
rum move bul/ec
ser move tri
sev move arm
spa/sc support mar
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: fleet ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move bul
ven move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support rum move ser
ank move arm
arm move sev
bel hold
ber support mun
bla support ank move arm
bre move mid
bud support ser move rum
bul support rum move ser
cly move nrg
con hold
den move bal
edi support lvp move cly
gas move par
hel move hol
ion move adr
kie support ruh move mun
lvp move cly
mar support spa/sc
mos support arm move sev
mun support ber
nat move nrg
nwy move nth
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum move ser
ser move rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mar
swe move den
tri move tyr
ukr support ser move rum
ven move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg convoy con move gre
alb support bul move ser
arm move sev
bal move swe
bel hold
ber support mun
bla support arm move sev
bud support ser move rum
bul move ser
cly move nrg
con move gre via convoy
den move kie
edi move nth
gal support ser move rum
hol support ruh move bel
kie hold
mid move por
mar support spa/sc
mos support sev
mun support ber
nat move mid
nth move lon
par move bre
ruh move bel
rum move bul
ser move rum
sev support ser move rum
spa/sc support mar
tri support ven
tyr support mun
ukr support sev
ven support tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
Italy: army/dislodged bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove hol
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg hold
alb move tri
arm support bla
bel hold
ber move kie
bla hold
bre move gas
bud hold
bul support ser
den move swe
gal move boh
gre support ser
kie move den
lon move eng
mid move eng
mar support spa/sc
mos support sev
mun support ber move kie
nth support kie move den
nrg move nwy
pic move par
por move mid
rum hold
ser support alb move tri
sev hold
smy support arm
spa/sc hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe support nrg move nwy
tri move adr
tyr move mun
ukr support rum
ven support alb move tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
arm hold
bel hold
bla move rum
boh move vie
bud support tyr move tri
bul support ser
den hold
gas support por move spa
gre move alb
ion move tys
kie support mun
lon hold
mid move bre
mar support spa/sc
mos support sev
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
par move bre
por move spa/nc
rum support bud
ser support tri move bud
sev support rum
smy support arm
spa/sc hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe support nrg move nwy
tri move bud
tyr move tri
ukr support rum
ven support adr move tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet con
build Army lvp
remove stp/nc
remove tyr
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber support kie
bla support bud move rum
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con move aeg
den move kie
gal move bud
gas move spa
hol support den move kie
ion move tun
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mid move eng
mar support spa/sc
mos support sev
mun move ruh
nwy move nth
par move bur
por support gas move spa
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
smy hold
spa/sc support mar
swe move bal
tri move adr
tys move wes
ukr support rum
ven support alb move tri
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg convoy smy move gre
arm support rum move sev
bal move ber
bel move ruh
ber support kie
bla support rum move sev
bud support sev move rum
bul support ser
bur support gas move mar
den support hol move kie
gal support sev move rum
gas move mar
hol move kie
kie support ber
lon move eng
mid move bre
mar support spa/sc
mos move sev
mun support kie
nth support yor move lon
por move spa/sc
rum move sev
ser support tri
sev move rum
smy move gre via convoy
spa/sc support mar
tri support ser
tun move naf
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
vie support bud
wes support spa/sc
yor move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Turkey: fleet/dislodged mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support bla
bal move ber
ber support kie
bla support arm
bre support eng move mid
bud move ser
bul support ser
den support ruh move kie
edi move bel via convoy
eng move mid
gal support vie
gre move nap via convoy
hol support edi move bel
ion convoy gre move nap
kie support mun
lon hold
lvp move iri
gol support spa/sc
mun support kie
naf move mid
nth convoy edi move bel
ruh move kie
rum hold
ser support tri
sev hold
spa/sc hold
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
ukr support rum
vie support bud
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal support den move kie
bel move pic
ber support kie
bla support arm move sev
bre support eng move mid
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur move par
den move kie
eng move mid
gal move bud
hol support den move kie
ion move aeg
iri support eng move mid
kie support ber
lon move bel via convoy
gol move mar
mar support por move spa
mun support kie
naf move mid
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move bel
por move spa/sc
ruh support den move kie
rum support sev
ser support tri
sev support rum
spa/sc support gol move mar
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
ukr support rum
vie move tyr
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
remove mid
build Army smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bal move ber
bel move bur
bla support sev
bre support iri move mid
bud move rum
bul move rum
gal support bud move rum
iri move mid
kie support bal move ber
lon move bel via convoy
gol support spa/sc
mar hold
mos support rum move sev
naf move mid
nth convoy lon move bel
par move bre
pic support bel move bur
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser support tri
sev hold
smy move gre via convoy
spa/sc hold
tri hold
tyr move pie
ukr support rum move sev
vie move bud
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm support bla
bel move bur
ber hold
bla support arm
bre support iri move mid
bud support gal move vie
bul support ser
bur move par
gal move vie
gre move alb
hol move nth
iri move mid
kie support ruh move mun
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
mos support sev
mun move kie
nth move eng
pic support bur move par
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum support bud
ser support tri
sev support rum
spa/sc support mid move por
tri support ven move tyr
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Italy: army/dislodged par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army smy
build Army war
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm support bla
ber move bal
bla support arm
bre support mid
bud support vie
bul support ser
bur move ruh
edi move nrg
eng support mid
ion move adr
kie move ber
lon move nwy via convoy
lvp move iri
gol support mar
mid hold
mar hold
mos support sev
mun hold
nth convoy lon move nwy
par hold
pic move bur
por support spa/sc
rum support bud
ser support alb move tri
sev support rum
smy hold
spa/sc support por
tri move ven
tyr move boh
ukr support rum
vie hold
war move gal
wes hold
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
arm support bla
bal move bot
ber hold
bla support arm
boh support ven move tyr
bre support mid
bud support vie
bul support ser
bur hold
eng move iri
gal support vie
iri move nat
gol support mar
mid hold
mar hold
mos support sev
mun hold
nth hold
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
par hold
por support spa/sc
ruh hold
rum support bud
ser support tri
sev support rum
smy hold
spa/sc support por
tri support ven move tyr
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
vie hold
wes hold
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
