PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support apu move gre
apu move gre via convoy
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move hol
lon move nth
nth move den
pic move bel
ruh move bel
rum support con move bul
ser hold
ukr support war move gal
ven hold
vie move gal
wal move lon
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
bla support bul
bud support ser
con support bul
den move ska
eng move iri
gal move rum
gre support ser
hol move bel
ion move eas
kie move den
lon move nth
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth move nwy
par move bur
ruh support hol move bel
rum move sev
ser hold
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
ukr support gal move rum
ven hold
vie hold
wal move lon
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel hold
bla move con
bud hold
bul support aeg move gre
con move smy
den hold
eas support ion move aeg
gal support rum move bud
gre support ser move bul
ion move aeg
iri move lvp
lon move eng
mun move bur
nth move hol
nwy support swe
par move bur
pic support par move bur
ruh support mun move bur
rum move bud
ser move bul
sev support ukr move rum
ska move nth
swe support nwy
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven move apu
vie support bud
wal move lvp
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bre
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
apu move ven
bel support ruh move hol
bud hold
bul move ser
con move aeg
den move kie
eas move smy
eng hold
gal move boh
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
iri move nat
lvp move nat
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth move edi
nwy move nrg
par move bur
por move spa
ruh move hol
rum support bul move ser
ser move bul
sev move bla
swe move ska
tun move tys
ukr support rum
vie support bud
wal move lon
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move nth
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
ank support smy
bel hold
bla support con move bul
boh support gal move vie
bud support vie
bul move ser
bur support pic move bel
con move aeg
eas move syr
edi hold
eng hold
gal move vie
gre support ser move bul
hol support bel
ion move eas
iri move nat
kie move den
lon hold
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
pic move bel
rum support bul move ser
ser move bul
ska move den
smy hold
spa move mar
tyr move mun
tys hold
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
vie support bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi move cly
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove eng
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
ank support smy
bel support mun move bur
ber move pru
bla move rum
boh move vie
bud move rum
bul move ser
cly move lvp
con support smy
eas support syr move smy
edi hold
gal support rum move bud
gre support ser move bul
hol move ruh
kie move mun
lon move yor
lvp hold
mar move pie
mun move bur
nrg move nth
rum move bud
ser move bul
ska move den
smy support con
syr move smy
tyr move boh
tys move ion
ukr move war
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support syr move smy
ank move smy
bel hold
bla move bul/ec
boh move vie
bre move par
bud move rum
bul move con
bur move gas
cly move lvp
con move bul/ec
den move kie
eas support syr move smy
edi move cly
gal support boh move vie
gre support bul
ion move tys
lvp hold
nat move nrg
nth move hol
pic support bre move par
pie move mar
pru move lvn
ruh move bur
rum support bla move bul
smy move con
syr move smy
tyr move ven
vie move gal
war move pru
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
smy disband
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove cly
remove lvn
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move con
ank move arm
bel move hol
bla convoy sev move ank
bre move gas
bud support tri move vie
bul support gre move con
bur move mun
con move smy
eas move ion
edi move nth
gal move bud
gas move spa
gre move con via convoy
hol move bel
kie support pru move ber
lvp move iri
mar move spa
mos move war
mun move sil
nap move tys
nrg move nth
par support bre move gas
pic hold
pru move ber
rum support gal move bud
sev move ank via convoy
smy support gre move con
stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie
tys move wes
ven move tyr
vie support gal move bud
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Germany: army/dislodged gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move ser
gas disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
bel hold
ber support war move sil
bla move bul/ec
bud support vie move tri
bul support ser
con move ank
edi move nth
gas move bur
hol move kie
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie move den
mar move spa
mun hold
nwy move nrg
par support gas move bur
rum support bla move bul
ser move bud
sil move gal
smy support con
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
tys move gol
vie move tri
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
remove mun
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ank move con
bel move hol
ber move mun
bla move bul/ec
boh move vie
bud move ser
bul support ser
bur move mar
con support bul
den support nwy move nth
gal move ukr
iri move eng
kie move hol
gol move wes
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move nth
par move bur
pic support par move bur
rum support bla move bul
ser move bud
sev move bla
sil support ber move mun
smy support con
spa support bur move mar
stp/nc move nwy
tyr support vie
tys move gol
ven move tri
vie support ser move bud
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support bla move con
bel move hol
bla move con
boh support gal move vie
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
con support bul
den move nth
edi hold
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move vie
kie move hol
lon move bre via convoy
gol move wes
mid move nat
mar hold
mun move bur
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
nwy support nth move nrg
pic move bel
rum support bud move ser
ser support tri move bud
sev move bla
sil move mun
smy support con
spa hold
tri move bud
tyr support vie
ukr move mos
vie support tri move bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
remove spa
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar support mos move stp
bel move hol
bla move ank
boh move tyr
bre move gas
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur support pic move par
con support bul
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bre
gal support rum move bud
gre move aeg
kie move hol
lon move bre via convoy
mid move nat
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun support boh move tyr
nat move cly
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
nwy move stp/nc
pic move par
rum move bud
ser move rum
sev move bla
sil move war
smy support con
tri support bud
tyr support vie
vie support tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi move yor
rum move sev
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank move con
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla support sev move rum
boh move vie
bre hold
bud support vie
bul support rum
bur support tyr move mun
cly support yor move edi
con support smy
edi support nth
eng convoy lon move pic
gal support boh move vie
kie move hol
lon move pic via convoy
mid support mar move gas
mar move gas
mun move bur
nat move nrg
nth support kie move hol
nwy move stp/nc
rum move sev
sev move rum
smy support con
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
vie move boh
war move mos
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
rum move ser
vie move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bar support nrg move nwy
bel hold
bla move bul/ec
bre hold
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur move ruh
cly move lvp
con support bul
edi move yor
eng move nth
gal move bud
gas move bre
hol move bel
mid support gas move bre
mun support bur move ruh
nth move lon
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
par support gas move bre
pic move bel
rom move tys
ruh support hol move bel
rum support gal move bud
ser move rum
sev support war move mos
smy support con
stp move mos
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
vie support gal move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
nwy move swe
ruh move kie
vie move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move hol
bla support sev move rum
boh move mun
bre support par move pic
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
con support bul
gal support rum move bud
hol move nth
kie support boh move mun
lon support hol move nth
lvp hold
mid move eng
mos move stp
mun move kie
nth move hol
nwy hold
par move pic
pic move bre
ruh support bel move hol
rum move bud
ser move rum
sev move rum
smy support con
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
tyr support vie
tys move wes
vie move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Russia: fleet/dislodged hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: army/dislodged pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
hol move hel
mun move sil
pic move bel
rum move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove lon
build Fleet nap
remove nth
build Army par
build Army tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bar move nrg
bel hold
bla support ukr move rum
bre move bel via convoy
bud support rum
bul support rum
con support bul
eng convoy bre move bel
gal support ukr move rum
hel support kie move hol
hol support bel
kie move hol
lvp move cly
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic support bre move bel
rum hold
sev support ukr move rum
sil support tyr move mun
smy support con
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
vie move boh
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ber
rum move ser
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move hol
ber move mun
bla convoy sev move bul
boh support mun
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
cly move edi
con support bul
eng move bre
gal support rum
hel support hol
hol hold
lon hold
mid move por
mos move stp
mun support sil move ber
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
ruh support bel move hol
rum support sev move bul
ser move rum
sev move bul via convoy
sil move ber
smy support con
stp move mos
swe move fin
tys move gol
vie move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
rum move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
remove fin
remove hel
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove ruh
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move bur
ber move kie
boh support vie move gal
bre hold
bul support rum
bur move gas
con move ank
edi move cly
gal support sev move rum
hol move kie
kie move den
lon move eng
gol move mar
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nap move tys
nth move eng
pic move bre
por move mid
rom move tus
rum hold
sev move rum
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
ukr support sev move rum
ven move pie
vie move gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
boh move sil
bre hold
bud support rum
bul support aeg move con
bur move mar
cly move edi
con move smy
den move kie
gal support rum
gas support pic move bre
hol support den move kie
kie hold
lon move wal
mid support bre
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support kie
nth move bel
pic move bre
pie move mar
rum support gal
sev support ukr move rum
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tus move pie
tyr move boh
tys move gol
ukr move rum
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bel
remove hol
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
boh support gal
bre hold
bud move ser
bul support rum
bur move mun
con support smy move ank
den move kie
edi move nth
gal support sil move war
gas move spa
kie move den
gol convoy tus move mar
mid support bre
mos hold
nap move ion
pic move bre
pie support tus move mar
rom move tys
rum support gal
sev move rum
sil move war
smy move ank
spa/sc support tus move mar
swe move nwy
tus move mar via convoy
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tus
vie move bud
wal move lvp
war move gal
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Italy: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
war move lvn
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Italy: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con
bla move rum
boh move sil
bre hold
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur move mar
con move bla
den move swe
gal move ukr
gas support pic move bre
ion move tys
kie move den
lvn move stp
lvp hold
gol convoy tus move spa
mid support bre
mar support tus move spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
nth move lon
nwy hold
pic move bre
pie support mar
rum support gal move ukr
ser support rum
sev support bla move rum
spa/sc move por
stp move mos
tus move spa via convoy
tys move wes
ukr support bla move rum
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Italy: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
