PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move war
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
edi move nwy
ion move tun
kie move ber
mid move por
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
pru move ber
ruh move mun
ser support tri
sev move rum
spa hold
tyr move vie
ven move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber support mun move sil
bla support bul
bre move pic
bud move vie
bul move ser
con support bul
edi move nwy
gre move bul/sc
kie move hol
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth support bel move hol
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move fin
par move bur
por move mid
pru move ber
rom move apu
ser support sev move rum
sev move rum
sil move mun
smy move aeg
spa move mar
swe move bal
tri support bud move vie
tun support nap move ion
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move alb
bal move bot
bla support bul
bud move vie
bul support aeg move gre
bur move ruh
con support bul
fin move stp
gre support ser move bul
hol support bur move ruh
ion convoy apu move alb
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
nth move den
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
pic move bur
pru move lvn
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil move war
tri support bud move vie
tun move tys
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
ber support mun
bla support bul
bud move vie
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mun
con support bul
den support kie
edi move nwy
gre hold
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvn move stp
gol move tys
mar move gol
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie move ven
ruh support bur move mun
ser support gre
sev support rum
stp move mos
swe support nth move den
tri support bud move vie
tun support ion move tys
ven support alb move tri
vie support alb move tri
war move mos
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
bal support kie
ber move mun
bla support bul move rum
bud support tri move vie
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
den support hol move kie
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie support mun move ruh
lvn move stp
gol move wes
mar move gol
mun move ruh
nwy move fin
pie move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bla
ser move tri
sev support war move mos
stp move mos
swe support den
tri move vie
tun support ion move tys
ven support alb move tri
vie support alb move tri
war move mos
wes move naf
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move sil
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
remove bal
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army par
remove sil
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber move mun
bla support rum
bud support vie move tri
bul support aeg move gre
con support bul
den move bal
edi move den
fin support stp
gre support ser move bul
hol support ruh move kie
kie support ber move mun
lvn move stp
gol move tys
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ber
naf move tun
nth convoy edi move den
par move bur
pie move ven
ruh move kie
rum move bud
ser move bul
sev move arm
tri move adr
tyr support ven move pie
tys move tus
ven move pie
vie move tri
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move ion
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move smy
arm move ank
bal convoy swe move pru
ber move kie
bla move ank
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur move mar
con support bul
fin support stp
hol move ruh
ion move nap
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
mun support kie move ber
pie move ven
rum move sev
ser support gre
stp hold
swe move pru
tri move ven
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr support pie move ven
tys move rom
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
remove lvn
build Army par
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bal convoy den move lvn
ber move mun
bla move ank
bre move pic
bud support rum
bul support sev move rum
con support bul
den move lvn
fin support stp
gre support ser move bul
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move bur
pie move ven
pru move war
ruh move kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil move ber
smy move aeg
stp support den move lvn
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys support tun move ion
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pie move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move smy
ank move bla
arm support mos move sev
ber move kie
bud move vie
bul hold
bur move mun
con support bul
fin move stp
gre support ser move bul
ion support tys move nap
kie support mun move ber
lvn support stp move mos
gol move tys
mos move sev
mun move ber
pic move bur
pie move ven
rom support nap
ser move bul
sev hold
stp move mos
tus support rom
tyr support pie move ven
tys move nap
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
sev disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army mar
remove sev
remove sil
build Army tri
remove tus
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
arm move ank
bal support lon move den
ber move sil
bla move sev
bre hold
bul hold
bur move mun
con move ank
edi move nwy
gre support ser move bul
ion support tys move nap
kie hold
lon move den
lvn move war
gol support pie move tus
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move boh
nap support rom
nth convoy lon move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie move tus
rom support nap
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
smy hold
stp move mos
tri move ven
tyr support mun move boh
tys move nap
ven move apu
vie move boh
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
apu move rom
bal convoy den move pru
bla move ank
boh move vie
bre hold
bul support rum
con hold
den move pru
gre hold
ion support tys move nap
kie move hol
gol move tys
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap support rom
nwy move stp
pie move ven
rom support nap
rum support bul
sil move boh
smy hold
stp move mos
tus move rom
tyr support boh move vie
tys move nap
ukr support mos move sev
ven support apu move rom
vie support adr move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
vie move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu move tus
boh move tyr
bre hold
bud support tri
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move ank
gal support ukr move rum
gre move ion
hol hold
ion support nap
lon move wal
mar move pie
mos move sev
nap support tys move rom
par move pic
pie move ven
pru move war
rom move nap
rum move sev
sev move arm
smy move con
stp move mos
tus support pie move ven
tyr move tri
tys move rom
ukr move rum
ven support apu move tus
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bul
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move ank
bla move sev
boh support vie
bud support tri
bul move rum
con move smy
gal move bud
gre move ion
ion support nap move apu
mos move sev
nap move apu
pie move ven
rom hold
rum support gal move bud
ser support bul move rum
stp move mos
tus support pie move ven
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
England: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
tri move adr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
ank support smy
arm support mos move sev
bla move sev
boh move sil
bre hold
bud support ukr move rum
gal support ukr move rum
gre move ion
hol support pic move bel
ion move aeg
lon move den
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move den
par move pic
pic move bel
rom move tys
rum support ser
ser support rum
smy hold
stp move mos
tri move alb
tus support ven
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bul
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move gre
alb support tri move ser
ank move arm
arm move syr
bal convoy den move lvn
bel move hol
bla support ank move arm
bre hold
bud support rum
bul move con
den move lvn
gal support rum
hol move kie
ion move tun
gol move wes
mos move sev
nap move ion
pic move bel
ser move gre
sev move arm
sil move ber
smy hold
tri move ser
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ven support tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
England: army syr
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
England: army syr
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
England: army syr
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
bal support lon move den
bel support hol
ber support kie
bre move mid
con move bul
gal move rum
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie support ber
lon move den
lvn move war
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap support tys move ion
nth convoy lon move den
nrg move nat
par move pic
rum move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
syr support sev move arm
tus move ven
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
Turkey: army/dislodged arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
England: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move alb
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
England: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
aeg move bul/sc
alb move tri
arm support syr move smy
bel support hol
ber support kie
bur move pic
con move bul
gre support aeg move bul/sc
hol support bel
ion support gre
kie support ber
mid move eng
pic move bre
rum move bul
ser support aeg move bul/sc
smy hold
syr move smy
tri support ser
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
vie support tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
