PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom support ven
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven support rom
vie move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ber move pru
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move aeg
den support nth move swe
ion move tun
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pru hold
rom support ven
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
smy move con
spa hold
ukr move gal
ven support rom
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel hold
bre move mid
bud hold
bur move ruh
con support bul
den support ska move swe
gal hold
gre hold
lon move wal
mun move sil
nap move ion
nwy support ska move swe
par move pic
pru hold
rom support ven
ser hold
sev hold
ska move swe
smy move eas
spa hold
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tun move wes
ven support rom
vie move tyr
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bel move eng
ber move kie
bot move bal
bud hold
con support bul
den support swe
eas move ion
gal move war
gre hold
hol support lon move bel
kie move ruh
mid support bel move eng
nap move ion
nwy support swe
pic move bel
rom support ven
ruh move kie
ser support gre
sev move ukr
sil move mun
spa move por
stp move fin
swe support nwy
tri support bud
tyr move mun
ven hold
wal move eng
wes hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
remove ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
bal move ber
bel move hol
ber support sil move pru
bud move gal
bul move ser
con move gre via convoy
den move bal
eng move nth
gre hold
ion support con move gre
kie support hol
lon support wal
lvp move iri
mid convoy por move bre
mar move spa
nap move ion
nwy support swe
por move bre
pru support bal move ber
rom support ven
ruh support tyr move mun
ser support gre
sil move pru
swe support den move bal
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
ven support rom
wal support lvp move iri
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
bal support ber move pru
bel move hol
bot support fin move swe
bre move pic
bul support ion move gre
con support bul
fin move swe
gal move sil
gre hold
ion move gre
iri move lvp
kie move mun
lon move yor
mid convoy spa move naf
mun hold
nap move ion
nth support bel move hol
nwy support swe
pru support war move sil
rom move ven
ruh support kie move mun
rum support ser move bul
ser support gre
sil support ber move pru
spa move naf
swe support nwy
tun support nap move ion
tyr support mun
ven move pie
wal move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gre move alb
sil move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
bot support fin move swe
bul support gre
con support bul
fin move swe
gal move bud
gre support bul
hol hold
kie move den
mid move wes
mar move gol
mun support tyr
naf move tun
nth move nwy
nwy support swe
pic move bur
pru move ber
ruh hold
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil support pru move ber
smy move eas
swe support bal move bot
tyr hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
swe move ska
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move adr
bal support ber
bot move bal
bud move tri
bul support gre
bur move mar
con support bul
den support nwy move swe
eas move ion
gre support eas move ion
hol support ruh move kie
ion move eas
lon support yor
lvp move cly
gol move tys
mun support tyr
naf move tun
nth move den
nwy support ska move swe
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh move kie
ser move gre
sil support pru move ber
ska move swe
tun move tys
tyr support mun
ven move tri
wes support naf move tun
yor support lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army/dislodged swe
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ion move nap
swe move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove den
build Army mar
build Army stp
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg convoy con move apu
bal move bot
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur move bel
cly move nrg
con move apu via convoy
fin support stp move nwy
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion convoy con move apu
kie move den
lon move nth
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun support tyr
nap move ion
nth support bre move eng
nwy support lon move nth
pie support ven
ser hold
stp move nwy
swe move bot
tun hold
tyr support adr move ven
ven support pie
wes support gol move tys
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move ska
ven move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
apu move nap
bal move den
bel move wal
bot support fin move swe
bud move ser
bul support aeg move gre
den support fin move swe
eng convoy bel move wal
fin move swe
ion support apu move nap
kie hold
mar move pie
mun hold
nap support rom move apu
nth move nrg
nrg support ska move nwy
nwy support fin move swe
pie move tus
rom move apu
ser move tri
ska move nwy
swe support ska move nwy
tun move tus
tyr support ven
tys convoy tun move tus
ven hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nap move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
remove bal
build Army con
build Army par
remove pie
build Fleet sev
remove ska
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
bot move bal
bud move ser
con support bul
den hold
edi move lvp
eng move lon
gre support bul
ion support alb move adr
kie hold
lon support nrg move nth
mar move pie
nap move rom
nth move yor
nrg move nth
par move bur
rom move nap
ser move alb
sev move bla
sil hold
tri support ven move adr
tun hold
tyr move vie
tys support nap move rom
ven move adr
wal support eng move lon
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
rom move tus
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb move adr
bal move swe
bla move ank
bud move ser
bul move con
bur move ruh
con move ank
den move swe
gre move bul/sc
ion move gre
kie move ber
lon hold
lvp support nth move yor
mid move iri
mun hold
nth move yor
pie move tyr
rom support pie move ven
ser move alb
swe move fin
tri support ser move alb
tun hold
tus move rom
tys hold
ven hold
vie move bud
wal move yor
war move ukr
yor move nth
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
France: fleet/dislodged yor
ORDERS
yor disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
remove tus
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move gre
ank move bla
bal move swe
bla support rum move bul
bre move eng
bud move vie
con support bul
den hold
gre support bul
ion move alb
iri move lvp
kie support ruh move mun
lon move yor
lvp move wal
mar move pie
mun hold
rom support adr move ven
ruh move mun
rum move bul/ec
ser support alb move gre
sil move boh
tri move adr
tun hold
tyr support ruh move mun
tys hold
ukr move rum
ven support tri move adr
wal support iri move lvp
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army/dislodged lvp
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
gre move aeg
lvp move cly
mun move bur
ven move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
ank move bla
bla support rum move bul
boh move vie
bul move ser
bur move par
cly move lvp
con move bul
eng convoy wal move pic
gre support ser move bul
kie move ber
lon hold
lvp hold
mun support kie move ber
pie move mar
rom support ven
rum support bla move bul
ser move bul
tri move ven
tun move nap
tyr support boh move vie
tys convoy tun move nap
ukr move gal
ven support tyr move tri
wal move pic
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
vie move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove edi
remove par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ion
ank move bla
ber hold
bla move con
bre move par
bud move ser
bul support gre
cly move edi
con support bul
den hold
eng move nth
fin move swe
gal move bud
gre support aeg move ion
lon move yor
mar move pie
mun move boh
nap move rom
pic move bel
rom support ven
ser move alb
swe move bal
tri move adr
tyr support mun move boh
tys support nap move rom
ven hold
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
Austria: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Turkey: army/dislodged rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bud move tri
rom move apu
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
Austria: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support alb move ion
alb move ion
ank move con
apu move nap
bal support pru move ber
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bla hold
boh move sil
bul move gre
con move bul
den move swe
edi move yor
gre move ion
ion move tun
nth support yor move edi
pie move ven
pru move ber
rom support tys move nap
ser move gre
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr support pie move ven
tys move nap
vie hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: army/dislodged ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: army/dislodged edi
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
Austria: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
edi disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
remove ser
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu hold
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud hold
bul hold
con move smy
den move swe
edi move nth
gre move ion
ion move eas
kie move ber
lvp move cly
mar move gol
nap support rom move apu
nth move ska
par move pic
rom move apu
ruh move mun
sil support kie move ber
swe move den
tri move vie
tun support gre move ion
tyr support tri move vie
ven support rom move apu
vie hold
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ruh
vie move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu hold
bal move den
bla move arm
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
cly move nrg
con move aeg
den move swe
eas move smy
eng convoy pic move nwy
gal move vie
ion move tys
kie support bal move den
gol move tys
mun support ruh move kie
nap support gol move tys
nth convoy pic move nwy
pic move nwy
ruh move kie
rum hold
sil move ber
swe support bal move den
tun support ion move tys
vie hold
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie disband
vie move tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
remove eas
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank support smy move arm
apu hold
bre move mid
bud move tri
con move aeg
den move ska
eng convoy pic move nwy
ion move tys
kie move den
gol move tys
mar move spa/sc
mun hold
nap support gol move tys
nth convoy pic move nwy
nrg support pic move nwy
par move bur
pic move nwy
ser support bud move tri
ska move swe
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
tun move wes
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support bud move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet/dislodged arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move bla
tri move alb
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
ank move bla
arm move sev
ber hold
bla move sev
bot move bal
bur hold
con support ank move bla
den move ska
eng move nth
ion move tun
kie move den
mid support spa/sc move wes
mun support ber
nap move ion
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
pru move ber
ser move bul
sil support pru move ber
ska support kie move den
spa/sc move wes
swe move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move tri
tys support nap move ion
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Turkey: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
den disband
tri move vie
wes move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
