PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support apu move gre
ank move bla
apu move gre
arm move sev
bud move rum
bul move rum
fin move swe
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move den
lvn move stp
mid move por
mar hold
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move bel
ser support bud move rum
sev hold
stp move fin
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army nap
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
arm move sev
ber move kie
bla move rum
bud move rum
bul support bla move rum
con move bla
fin support swe move nwy
gre support rum move bul
hol move nth
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move hel
lon move nth
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move bur
nap move tun
nth move ska
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev hold
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur support pic move bel
con move aeg
fin support stp move nwy
gre hold
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion move eas
kie move hel
lon move nth
mar support bur
mos support sev
mun move bur
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie move mar
ser support bul
sev hold
ska move swe
spa/sc hold
stp move nwy
tun hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet nap
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move sev
bar move stp/nc
bla move con
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul move con
bur support pic move bel
eas hold
fin move swe
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion move aeg
lon move yor
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move edi
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie move mar
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
ska move nwy
spa/sc move gol
stp support nwy
tri move adr
tun move smy
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support bul move con
arm support smy
bar support ska move nwy
bel move lon
bla move con
bud move rum
bul move con
bur move bel
eas move smy
gre hold
hol move bel
ion move tys
lvn move stp
gol support mar move pie
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move bur
nth support bel move lon
nwy move nrg
pic support bur move bel
pie hold
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev hold
ska move nwy
smy support bla move con
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tun hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
pie move ven
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bar
build Army par
remove smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla support arm move sev
bul move con
bur support hol move bel
con move ank
eas move smy
edi move cly
gre hold
hol move bel
ion support tys
lon move wal
gol move mar
mos support sev
nth support hol move bel
nrg support stp move nwy
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move tus
ruh support hol move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
ska move swe
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move tyr
tys support tun
ven hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move gas
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank support con
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bul move ser
bur move mun
cly move lvp
con support ank
den move lon
gas move bre
ion move tys
lvn hold
mar move gol
mos support sev
nth convoy den move lon
nrg move edi
nwy hold
pic move bre
ruh move mun
rum move gal
sev hold
ska move den
swe support ska move den
tus move rom
tyr support bur move mun
tys move rom
ven support tys move rom
wal move lvp
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bla
remove lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
bel move eng
cly move edi
con support ank move smy
den move kie
edi move yor
gal move rum
gas move mar
ion support tys move nap
lvn move pru
gol move spa/sc
mos move war
mun move ber
nap move tys
nth support cly move edi
pic move bre
rom move tus
ruh move kie
ser move gre
sev move bla
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move bar
tri move ven
tus move pie
tyr support tri move ven
tys move nap
ven support rom move tus
wal move lvp
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
nap move apu
ven move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
apu support rom move nap
bar move nrg
ber move mun
bla move con
bre hold
con move bul
den move kie
gre move ser
ion support nap
mid move eng
nap support ion
nwy support swe
par move pic
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom move nap
rum support con move bul
ser move gre
spa/sc support pie move mar
swe support nwy
tus move tys
tyr support ven
ven support tyr
war move sil
yor move nth
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove apu
remove gre
remove rom
build Fleet tri
remove tun
remove tys
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber support sil move mun
bul move ser
con move aeg
ion move tys
kie move hol
lvp move wal
mid move iri
nap support ion move tys
nrg support yor move nth
pic move bel
rom support tun move nap
rum move bud
ser move tri
sil move mun
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
swe move den
tri move adr
tun move nap
tyr move pie
tys convoy tun move nap
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war move sil
yor move nth
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
tys move tus
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
bel hold
ber move kie
boh move gal
bre hold
bud move vie
con move bul
den support ber move kie
hol move kie
iri move eng
mid support iri move eng
mar hold
nap support tys move rom
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
nwy hold
pie move mar
ser move alb
sil move ber
tri move ven
tus move gol
tyr move pie
tys move rom
ven move tus
wal move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet/dislodged eng
France: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tun
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ber move kie
bre move par
bud move gal
bul move rum
edi move nth
eng move mid
gal move sil
gre move ion
ion move tun
kie move ruh
lon move yor
lvp move cly
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar hold
mos support sev move ukr
mun move bur
nap support rom move tys
nrg support edi move nth
nwy hold
pie move mar
rom move tys
sev move ukr
stp/nc move bar
tus support ven move pie
tyr move mun
ven move pie
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bur move bel
cly move edi
den move kie
gal move sil
hol move kie
ion support nap move tys
kie move ber
mid support wes move spa/sc
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth support nwy move edi
nrg convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh support bur move bel
rum move bul
sil move pru
tri move tyr
tun support nap move tys
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
yor support cly move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
spa/sc disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bel support nwy move hol
ber move mun
cly move edi
den move kie
hol move kie
ion move tys
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth convoy nwy move hol
nrg move nat
nwy move hol
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move mar
ruh support mun move bur
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp move nwy
tun support tys move wes
tyr move pie
tys move wes
ukr move war
vie move tyr
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Russia: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
mar move gas
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move kie
bul move ser
den support ber move kie
gas move mar
hel move nth
ion move tys
lon move eng
gol support tys move wes
mid move wes
mar support mun move bur
mun move bur
nat move iri
nth convoy nwy move edi
nrg support nwy move edi
nwy move edi
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
pie support mar
ruh support mun move bur
sil move mun
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp move lvn
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
edi move cly
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove hel
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
cly move lvp
edi move lvp
eng move nth
gas move mar
iri support edi move lvp
kie move mun
lvn move stp
gol support tun move wes
mun move bur
nth move lon
nrg move edi
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
pie support mar
ruh support kie move mun
sil support kie move mun
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp/nc move nwy
tun move wes
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ber
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
bur move mar
cly move edi
den move kie
gas support bur move mar
hol move bel
iri move eng
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth move hol
nwy move nth
par move bre
pic support mun move bur
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh support mun move bur
sil move mun
spa/sc support bur move mar
stp move mos
ven move pie
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove hol
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre support par move pic
bud move ser
bur support spa move gas
cly move nrg
par move pic
pie move mar
por move mid
ruh move hol
ser move bul
spa move gas
tri move ven
tus move rom
ven move pie
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move par
bur support gas move par
eng support mid move bre
gas move par
mid move bre
mos move sev
nth support stp/nc move nwy
nrg move nwy
pic support bre move par
rom move nap
stp/nc move nwy
ven move rom
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove nrg
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support eng move pic
bre support eng move pic
bur support gas move par
eng move pic
gal move rum
gas move par
gol move wes
mar move spa
pie move mar
tri move adr
vie move gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
Russia: fleet pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Russia: fleet pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Russia: fleet pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Russia: fleet pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
