PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal via convoy
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move tyr
par move bur
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move mun
den move swe
eng move nth
kie move ber
mid move spa/sc
nrg move nwy
rum support sev
ser support rum
sev support rum
sil move ber
spa move por
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
wal move yor
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
sev move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move rum
ber support kie move mun
bla support ank move rum
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud support rum
bul support ank move rum
con support bul
den move hel
edi move nwy via convoy
gre support ser move bul
kie move mun
mar move gol
mun hold
nwy move swe
par move pic
por hold
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support ank move rum
sil support ber move mun
spa/sc move wes
tri move ven
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie move tri
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move sil
bot move stp/sc
bud hold
bul support rum
edi move hol via convoy
eng move lon
gre support bul
hel move hol
gol move mar
mos move sev
mun support ber move sil
nwy move swe
pic move bel
por hold
rum support mos move sev
sil move ber
tri move ser
tyr move pie
ven move apu
wes move tys
yor move wal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sil move war
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu hold
bel hold
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud hold
bul hold
edi move yor
gre move aeg
hol hold
kie move ruh
lon hold
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth move lon
par move bur
pie move mar
por hold
rum support bul
ser support bul
sev move arm
sil move war
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
tys hold
wal support nth move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
alb move ion
apu hold
arm move smy
bel hold
bot move bal
bud support ser move rum
bul move con
eng support bel
hol support ruh move bel
mar hold
mun move bur
par move bur
pie move mar
por hold
pru move bal
ruh move bel
rum move bla
ser move rum
sil move pru
stp move nwy
swe hold
tys move tun
wal support lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move bul/ec
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
apu move nap
bot support nwy move swe
bud support rum
bul/ec move con
con move smy
hol support lon move nth
ion support apu move nap
lon move eng
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nwy move swe
pie move mar
pru move lvn
ruh support mun move bur
rum hold
sev move rum
sil hold
smy support bul/ec move con
swe hold
tri move ser
wal support lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
smy move arm
swe move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
arm move smy
bot move stp/sc
bud support rum
bur move mar
con support arm move smy
fin move stp/sc
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tys
lon move nth
lvn support fin move stp
nap hold
pie support bur move mar
ruh move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil move war
smy move con
swe hold
ukr support sev move rum
wal move lon
war move lvn
yor hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: fleet/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Austria: army/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army vie
remove yor
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support syr move smy
bel move pic
ber move pru
bot support stp/sc
bud support rum
bul move con
con support smy move ank
fin move swe
hol move bel
kie move den
lon hold
lvn move bal
mar move gas
nap move rom
nth move yor
pie move mar
rum support vie move gal
sev move arm
sil support ber move pru
smy move ank
stp/sc support bot
swe move nwy
syr move smy
tys support nap move rom
ukr move sev
vie move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
arm support con move ank
bal move den
bel move pic
bot move swe
bud move gal
bul move con
con move ank
den move ska
gal move ukr
gas support pic move par
lon hold
mar move spa
nwy support bot move swe
pic move par
pru support sil move war
rom hold
rum support gal move ukr
sil move war
smy support bul move con
stp/sc move fin
swe hold
tys move ion
yor move nth
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe disband
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
remove fin
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move bla
arm move sev
ber move sil
bud move ser
con move ank
den move swe
edi move nrg
gal move ukr
gas move bur
ion move eas
kie move hol
mos support sev move ukr
nth move nwy
nwy support swe
par move bre
pic move bel
pru move lvn
rom hold
rum support ukr move sev
sev move ukr
ska support den move swe
smy support con move ank
spa move mar
swe support nwy
tri move alb
ukr move sev
vie hold
war hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank support smy move arm
arm support sev
bal move kie
bla move bul/ec
bur move ruh
con support ank
eas move aeg
gal support ukr
lon hold
lvn move stp
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
rom move ven
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bul
sev support mos
sil move ber
ska move nwy
smy move arm
swe support ska move nwy
ukr move sev
vie move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: army/dislodged arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move syr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove syr
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
arm move ank
bel support hol move nth
ber move sil
bre move par
bud move gal
con move aeg
gal move boh
hol move nth
ion move tys
kie move den
lon hold
lvn move stp
mos support nwy move stp
mun move tyr
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
pie move tus
ruh support hol move kie
rum move ukr
ser move bul
sev support mos
ska move den
tri move ven
ven move tus
vie move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bla move ank
boh move tyr
bul move rum
con move bul
gal support ukr move war
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon hold
lvn support war
mos support ukr move war
mun move boh
nth move edi
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
par move gas
pie move ven
ruh move kie
sev support mos
sil support mun move boh
ska move nwy
swe support ska move nwy
tri move ven
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven move tus
vie support boh move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move bal
boh move tyr
bud move vie
edi move cly
gal support war
ion move tys
kie support sil move ber
lon move yor
lvn move stp
gol move mar
mos support stp
nat move mid
nwy support lvn move stp
pie support boh move tyr
rum move ukr
sil move ber
stp support mos
swe move bal
tri move ven
tun move wes
tus support tri move ven
tyr move mun
vie move boh
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: fleet/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber support kie move mun
bla move rum
boh support mun
bul move con
cly move lvp
con move ank
gal move vie
gas support pie move mar
kie move mun
lvn support nwy move stp
mid move por
mar support wes move spa
mos support stp
nwy move stp/nc
pie move mar
pru move bal
stp support mos
swe move bal
tus move ven
tyr move tri
tys move tus
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
vie move tri
wes move spa/sc
yor move lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Austria: fleet/dislodged mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mar move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
remove pru
build Army tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber support tyr move mun
boh support mun
bud move rum
cly move lvp
con move bul
gal move sil
gas move spa
kie support tyr move mun
lon move nth
lvn move stp
gol support spa/sc
mar support gas move spa
mos support rum move sev
mun support tri move tyr
nwy support lvn move stp
pic move bel
por move mid
rum move sev
sev support war move mos
stp support mos
swe move bal
tri move tyr
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support sev
ven support tus move pie
vie support tri move tyr
war move mos
yor move lvp
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move bur
stp move fin
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
boh support bur move mun
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move mun
cly move edi
fin move swe
gol support pie move mar
mid move bre
nth move edi
pie move mar
rum move bla
sev support war move mos
sil support bur move mun
spa/sc support pie move mar
tyr support bur move mun
ukr support war move mos
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move mos
wes support spa/sc
yor move lvp
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
