PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move aeg
den hold
eng convoy wal move bre
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
nth move bel
pie move mar
ruh move mun
ser support alb move gre
smy move con
spa move por
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
vie move tri
wal move bre via convoy
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ber move bal
bre move gas
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur support spa/sc move mar
con move bul
den move ska
edi move nrg
eng move mid
gal support ukr move rum
gre support nap move ion
hol hold
lon move nth
mar support ruh move bur
mun support ruh move bur
nap move ion
por move spa
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum move bla
ser support gre
smy move eas
spa/sc move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri hold
tun move wes
tyr move boh
ukr move rum
vie move gal
war support gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bal move swe
bel move eng
bla support ukr move rum
boh support vie move gal
bud support ser move rum
bul move gre
bur support gas move par
con move bul
eas move ion
gal support ukr move rum
gas move par
gre move aeg
hol move kie
ion move aeg
mid move bre
mar move spa
mun hold
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy support swe
par move bre
por support spa/sc
ser move rum
ska support bal move swe
spa/sc hold
swe support nwy
tri move ser
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie move gal
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move rum
nwy move stp/nc
par move bre
swe move den
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bla support ukr move rum
boh move tyr
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
eas support aeg move ion
eng move bre
gal support bud move rum
gre move aeg
ion move aeg
kie support ska move den
lon move eng
mid move por
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ber
nrg move bar
nwy move nth
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
ser support bud move rum
ska move den
spa/sc hold
swe support ska move den
tri hold
ukr move rum
war move gal
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move hel
ion move tys
spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar move stp/nc
ber move kie
bla support ukr move rum
bre move mid
bud support gal move rum
bul move ser
den hold
eas move smy
edi move nwy via convoy
eng support bre move mid
gal move rum
gre support bul move ser
hel move hol
ion move nap
kie move hol
gol move tus
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa
mos move sev
mun hold
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move gas
por support mid move spa
ser support gal move rum
spa support mid move por
swe move fin
tri move alb
tyr move ven
tys support wes move tun
ukr move rum
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet con
remove gal
remove hel
remove por
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move gre
ank move con
bar support nwy move stp
ber move pru
bla support sev move rum
bre move mid
bud hold
bul support gre move ser
con move aeg
fin support nwy move stp
gas move bre
gre move ser
kie move mun
mid move wes
mar move gas
mun move sil
nap support tus move rom
nwy move stp
ser move bul
sev move rum
smy support con move aeg
spa move por
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys move nap
ukr move gal
ven move rom
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb support ion move gre
bar move stp/nc
bla move rum
bre move par
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move smy
den move hel
eng move bre
fin move bot
gal support rum move bud
gas move spa
gre move bul/sc
ion move gre
mid move wes
mun move sil
nap move rom
por support gas move spa
pru move lvn
rum move bud
ser move alb
sil move pru
smy move eas
stp move mos
tri support bud move ser
tus support nap move rom
tys support ven move rom
ven move rom
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move bul
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
remove tus
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move ser
bar move nwy
bot move bal
bre move mid
bud support gre move ser
bul support gre move ser
eas move ion
edi move bel via convoy
gal support war
gre move ser
ion move nap
lon move eng
lvn move mos
mos support war
mun move boh
nap support eas move ion
nth convoy edi move bel
por hold
pru move war
ser move bud
sil support pru move war
smy move eas
spa move gas
stp support lvn move mos
tri support ser move bud
tun move ion
tys support ion move nap
ven move rom
war support mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move vie
mos move sev
nap move apu
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ser
apu move adr
bal move swe
bel move hol
boh support sil move war
bud support alb move ser
bul support ser
eas support ion
gal move bud
gas move spa
hel move den
ion support tys move tun
mid move wes
mos hold
nap support tun move ion
nth move den
nwy move swe
par move bur
por support gas move spa
pru support sil move war
rom move ven
ser support gal move bud
sev support war move mos
sil move war
tri support bud
tun move ion
tys support nap
vie move tri
war move mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army lon
build Army rom
remove rum
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
bal move swe
boh move mun
bud support tri move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
eas support ion
eng move mid
gal move bud
gre support ion
hel move kie
ion support tys move tun
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
nap hold
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy support stp
por move spa
pru move ber
rom move ven
ser move tri
sev move rum
spa move gas
tri move vie
tun move ion
tys move tun
ven move pie
vie support gal move bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
England: fleet/dislodged tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tri move tyr
tun move wes
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bel move pic
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud support tyr move vie
bur support gol move mar
eas move aeg
gal move bud
gas move bre
gre move alb
ion support tun
kie move den
lvn support mos move stp
gol move mar
mid support wes move spa
mos move stp
nap move tys
nth move ska
pie move mar
rum support gal move bud
ser support rum move bud
spa move por
stp move lvn
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr move vie
tys move gol
ven move rom
vie move tri
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bre
build Fleet con
build Army mos
remove por
build Army sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion move apu
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
bud support tri move vie
bur move ruh
con move bul/sc
den support swe
fin support nwy move swe
hol support bur move ruh
ion move apu
kie support den
lvn move war
gol convoy pie move nap
mun move ruh
nwy move swe
pic move bur
pie move nap via convoy
rom support pie move nap
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move ukr
sil move mun
ska support nwy move swe
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move vie
tys convoy pie move nap
ven move tus
vie move bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bal
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
alb move ion
apu support ion move nap
bal move swe
bud move tri
bul/sc move gre
bur move mun
den support bal move swe
fin support ska move nwy
gal move ukr
hol support ruh move kie
ion move nap
kie support den
gol move wes
mid move eng
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun support kie
nap hold
rom hold
ruh move kie
sil support mun
ska move nwy
spa/sc move mid
tri move ven
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support nap
ukr move mos
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ber
swe move bot
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army sev
remove tyr
remove war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
alb support gre move ion
apu support ion move nap
ber move kie
bot move swe
bur move mun
den support swe
eng move bre
fin support bot move swe
gre move ion
hol move ruh
ion move nap
kie move den
mid move por
mos support stp
mun support ber move kie
nap move rom
nwy support bot move swe
rom move apu
sil support mun
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys support nap move rom
ukr support vie move gal
ven support tus move rom
vie move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
alb hold
apu move nap
ber support den move kie
bur move mun
den move kie
fin move nwy
gal support ukr move war
gre hold
ion move tys
kie support bur move mun
gol support rom move tus
mos support ukr move war
mun hold
nap hold
nrg support fin move nwy
nwy move swe
rom move tus
ruh support kie
sil support mun
stp support nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys support nap
ukr move war
ven support tus move rom
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
