PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
gal move vie
hol support nth move bel
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
nap move tun via convoy
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser support alb move gre
spa move por
tri move bud
ukr move rum
ven move tri
yor move wal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support lon move eng
ber move mun
bla support rum
bre move eng
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move bul/sc
den hold
gre hold
hol move nth
ion move gre
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mos support sev
mun move bur
nap move tys
nwy move nth
par move pic
por move spa
ruh support mun move bur
rum support bul move ser
ser support gre
sev hold
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
swe hold
tri support vie move bud
ukr support war move gal
ven support tri
vie move bud
wal hold
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move gas
ser move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move gre
bel support bur move pic
bla support rum
bre move mid
bud support tri move ser
bul/sc move gre
bur move pic
den hold
gal support ukr move rum
gas move par
gre move ion
hol support bel
ion move aeg
iri support lon move eng
lon move eng
mid move nat
mos move ukr
mun support ruh move bur
nwy move nth
pic move par
ruh move bur
rum support ser
ser support bul/sc move gre
sev support ukr move rum
spa move mar
swe move bot
tri move ser
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven move tri
wal hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army/dislodged pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pic disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove gre
build Army mos
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move gre
alb hold
bel hold
bla support con move bul
bot hold
bre support mid
bud move rum
bul/sc move gre
bur support pic move par
con move bul
den move kie
eng support iri move mid
gal move vie
gas move cly via convoy
hol support bel
ion move gre
iri move mid
mid convoy gas move cly
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nat convoy gas move cly
nth support eng
pic move par
rum move bul
ser support ion move gre
sev move arm
tri support ser
tun move tus
tys convoy tun move tus
ukr support mos move sev
wal move lvp
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb hold
arm move bla
bel move eng
bla move ank
bot hold
bre move eng
bud support vie
bul/sc support aeg move gre
bur move mar
cly support nat move lvp
con support bul/sc
eng move bre
gal move rum
hol hold
ion move gre
iri support lvp
kie move ber
lvp hold
mid move iri
mar hold
nat move lvp
nth move edi
par support eng move bre
rum move bul
ser support ion move gre
sev move arm
tri move ven
tus move ven
tyr hold
tys move ion
ukr move sev
vie support bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army/dislodged lvp
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
lvp move wal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc
ank support con
arm move syr
ber move pru
bla support ser move bul
bot move bal
bre support eng move mid
bud move gal
bul/sc support con
bur move mar
cly move lvp
con support ank
edi move cly
eng move mid
gal move boh
gas move mid
gre support ser move bul
hol move hel
ion move aeg
iri support wal move lvp
lvp move nat
mid move iri
mun move sil
nap move tys
par move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
tri support ven move tyr
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
wal move lvp
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mid move por
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support con
arm move ank
bal move kie
bla support arm move ank
boh support tyr move mun
bre move gas
bul move con
bur support mun
cly move lvp
con support ank
edi move cly
gal move war
gas move spa/nc
gre move aeg
hel move den
ion move tun
iri support wal move lvp
mid move spa/nc
mar hold
mun hold
nat move nrg
pie move mar
por support gas move spa
pru move war
rum move bul
sil support pru move war
syr move smy
tyr move mun
tys move wes
vie support boh
wal move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove cly
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
remove spa/nc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support syr move smy
ber move kie
bla support bul move con
boh move sil
bul move con
bur support mun
con support aeg move smy
den move swe
edi move nrg
gal move war
gas move spa/nc
gre move aeg
iri move eng
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mid support gas move spa
mar hold
mos support gal move war
mun hold
nap move tys
nrg move nth
pie move mar
por support wes move spa
rum move ukr
sil support war
syr move smy
tun move naf
tyr move mun
vie move gal
war support sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move rum via convoy
bla convoy ank move rum
boh support gal move sil
bur support mun
con move bul
den hold
edi move nth
eng move bel
gal move sil
gas support mid move spa
gre move bul/sc
kie hold
lon move eng
mid move spa/nc
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun hold
naf move mid
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
por support wes move spa
pru move war
sil support pru move war
swe hold
tri move ven
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move mos
wal move yor
war support gal move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
sil move ber
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army rom
build Army sev
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber support mun
boh support sil move mun
bur support mar
con hold
den move kie
eng support mid
gre move ion
kie support mun
gol support pie move mar
mid hold
mar hold
mos move stp
mun hold
naf move mid
nth move nwy
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
por move spa/nc
pru move sil
rom move tus
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil move mun
smy move ank
stp move fin
swe support nth move nwy
tyr support sil move mun
ven move pie
war move pru
wes support naf move mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
ber support sil move mun
bla convoy ank move rum
boh move mun
bur support mar
den move kie
edi hold
eng support mid
fin move swe
gal move sil
hol hold
ion move tun
kie support sil move mun
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/nc
mar hold
mos move war
mun move bur
naf move mid
nrg move nth
nwy hold
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh support sil move mun
sil move mun
spa/nc support naf move mid
stp move fin
swe hold
tus hold
tyr support boh move mun
ven move pie
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move iri
mar move gas
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
remove gas
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
remove ruh
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support sil move mun
bla move sev
boh move mun
con move bul
den move swe
edi hold
eng move bre
fin support stp move nwy
gal support war move sil
hol move nth
iri support lvp move nat
kie support sil move mun
lon support hol move nth
lvp move nat
gol convoy tus move bre
mid convoy tus move bre
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nth move bel
pie move mar
pru support war move sil
sil move mun
spa/nc support mid
stp move nwy
swe move bal
tun move naf
tus move bre
tyr support boh move mun
war move sil
wes convoy tus move bre
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move pru
bel move eng
ber support mun
boh support sil move mun
bul hold
edi hold
eng move bre
fin move swe
gal move sil
gas support mid move bre
iri support nat move mid
kie support mun
lon hold
gol convoy tus move mar
mid move bre
mar move bur
mun hold
naf support wes move mid
nat move mid
nth support ska move den
nwy support fin move swe
pru move ber
ruh move hol
rum move bud
sil move mun
ska move den
spa/nc support wes move mid
stp move lvn
swe move den
tus move mar
tyr support sil move mun
tys move wes
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
remove den
remove edi
remove lon
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move eng
ber move kie
boh move mun
bre move gas
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move gas
eng move pic
fin move swe
gas move por
hol move ruh
iri move wal
kie move hol
lvn move war
gol move spa/sc
mid convoy gas move por
mar support gol move spa
mun move ber
naf support mid
nat move cly
nap move tys
nth convoy nwy move edi
pru support mun move ber
ruh support kie move hol
sev move rum
sil support mun move ber
spa/nc support mid
stp/nc move bar
swe move bal
tyr hold
war move gal
wes support mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Russia: army/dislodged hol
Russia: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move bel
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber move kie
bar move nrg
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre hold
bur move par
cly support nwy move edi
eng move lon
gal move sil
hol hold
kie support ruh move mun
mid support bre
mar move bur
mun move ruh
naf hold
nth convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi via convoy
pru move ber
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser move bul
sil move mun
spa/sc support mid
swe move den
tyr move tri
tys move ion
vie move boh
wal move lon
war move pru
wes hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove cly
remove eng
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
remove nth
remove pic
build Army rom
remove ruh
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
remove wal
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move den
bel support kie move hol
ber support mun
boh move vie
bre move eng
bur hold
den move kie
edi move lvp
gal move bud
hol move ruh
ion move adr
kie move hol
mid move iri
mos move ukr
mun hold
naf move mid
nap move tys
nrg move nth
par move bre
pru move sil
rom move tus
sev move bla
sil move boh
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ser
ven move tri
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
bla move ank
boh move tyr
bud support vie
bul move con
den move nth
eng move lon
gal support ukr move rum
hol support bel
kie hold
lvp hold
mun support boh move tyr
nth move lon
nwy move nrg
ruh hold
sil move boh
tus move ven
tys move ion
ukr move rum
vie support bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
