PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move mun
gal move rum
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
mos move war
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
rom move ven
ruh move bel
ser support gal move rum
sev support ukr move rum
ukr move rum
ven move tri
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move rum via convoy
bel move ruh
ber support kie move mun
bla convoy arm move rum
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul support arm move rum
con move aeg
den hold
gre move ion
hol move bel
kie move mun
lon move nth
mar move bur
mos support sev
nap move apu
nth move den
nwy move ska
par move pic
por move mid
rom move nap
rum hold
ser support bud move tri
sev hold
spa move mar
swe support nth move den
tri move alb
tun move ion
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
vie support bud move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move kie
mun move boh
rum move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support bul move ser
apu move adr
bel move hol
ber support mun
bla support rum
boh move tyr
bud support ukr move rum
bul support aeg move gre
bur move bel
den move kie
eng support bur move bel
gre support ser move bul
kie support mun
mid move wes
mar move bur
mos move war
mun hold
nap move apu
nth move hol
pic support bur move bel
ruh support mun
rum hold
ser move bul
sev move bla
sil move ber
ska move nwy
swe move bal
tun move ion
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
vie support tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support apu move ion
apu move ion
bal support sil move ber
bel move ruh
ber move mun
bud support tri
bur move mun
den move kie
edi move nth
eng move bel
gre support ser move bul
ion move tun
kie support ber move mun
lon move wal
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nth move hel
nwy move ska
pic move bur
ruh support mun move bur
rum hold
ser move bul
sev move bla
sil move ber
tri support vie
tyr support bur move mun
ven hold
vie support tri
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
bul move con
mun move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move bul/sc
bal support ber
bel move hol
ber support hel move kie
bla move rum
bud move tri
bul support tri move ser
bur support mun
con support aeg move bul
den support hel move kie
eng move bel
gal support bla move rum
gre support bul
hel move kie
kie support pru move ber
mid move wes
mun support hel move kie
nth support bel move hol
pru move ber
ruh move hol
rum hold
sev support rum
sil support pru move ber
ska move swe
tri move ser
tun move wes
tyr support mun
ukr support war
ven support adr move tri
vie move tri
wal move lon
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
remove gal
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
remove pru
build Army rom
remove ruh
remove sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support ber
bel support hol
ber support war move sil
bla support con move bul
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul support gre
bur move mun
con move bul
den move bal
edi move nwy via convoy
gre support bul
ion support aeg move gre
kie move ber
lvp move yor
mid move wes
mar move gol
mun move boh
nth convoy edi move nwy
rom move ven
rum move sev
ser support bud move tri
sev move arm
swe support den move bal
tri move alb
tun hold
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support bud move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move bot
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ven move tri
arm move bla
bal support kie move ber
bel move hol
ber hold
bla move ank
boh move vie
bot move stp/sc
bul support gre
eng move bel
gre support bul
hol move ruh
ion move tys
kie move ber
gol move tys
mun support kie
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move stp
rom move tus
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sil support ber
swe move bot
tri hold
tun support ion move tys
tyr support boh move vie
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support tri
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
tri move bud
vie disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army mar
build Army smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank support con move bla
bal support swe move bot
bel move pic
ber hold
bla move bul/ec
bot move stp/sc
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
con move bla
gre hold
ion move tys
kie move ber
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nth convoy yor move den
nwy move stp
ruh move mun
rum support bla move bul
ser move tri
sev move arm
sil support ber
smy move arm
swe move bot
tri move ven
tun support ion move tys
tus support tri move ven
tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
wes move tun
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
Russia: fleet/dislodged bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bot move lvn
bul move con
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank support smy move arm
bal support kie move ber
ber hold
bla support con move bul
bot support nwy move stp
bud support ser move tri
bul/ec hold
con move bul
den move kie
gre support con move bul
hol move bel
kie move ber
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn move stp/sc
gol move tus
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp
pic move bel
pie move ven
ruh support mun
rum support bul/ec
ser move tri
sev move arm
sil support ber
smy move arm
tun move wes
tus support ven
tyr support pie move ven
tys support tun move wes
ven support alb move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
ven move rom
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
remove pru
remove rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move sev
bal support bot move lvn
ber move pru
bla support arm move sev
bot move lvn
bud support tri move vie
bul move rum
edi move den via convoy
gre hold
hol hold
kie move ber
lon move yor
lvn move pru
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar move spa/sc
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move stp
pic move bre
ruh support hol
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil support lvn move pru
stp move mos
tri move vie
tus move rom
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
France: army/dislodged vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
sev move ukr
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal convoy den move pru
ber support den move pru
bla support bul move rum
bre move mid
bud support vie
bul move rum
con move aeg
den move pru via convoy
gal move bud
gre move ion
hol move bel
kie support ber
lvn support den move pru
gol support spa/sc move wes
mun move tyr
nth convoy yor move den
nwy move stp
ruh move mun
sev hold
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
tri move ser
ven move tri
vie hold
wes move naf
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal convoy den move pru
bel move hol
bla support sev
bud support vie move tri
con move bul
den move pru via convoy
gal move vie
ion support tun
lon move den via convoy
lvn move bot
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move boh
naf move tun
nth convoy lon move den
pru move sil
rom hold
rum support con move bul
ser support tri
sev hold
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
tri support gal move vie
tyr support gal move vie
vie move tri
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal convoy kie move pru
ber move kie
bla move sev
boh move mun
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul support rum move ser
gre support aeg move ion
ion move adr
kie move pru via convoy
lvn support pru move war
mos move sev
naf support tys move tun
pie move ven
pru move war
rum move ser
sev move rum
sil move gal
tri move bud
tyr support boh move mun
tys move tun
vie support tri move bud
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
France: army/dislodged ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove ukr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
alb move ser
ank move sev via convoy
bal convoy den move pru
bla convoy ank move sev
bud support alb move ser
bul move ser
den move pru via convoy
gal support war move ukr
gre move alb
ion support gre move alb
lon move den via convoy
lvn move mos
mos move sev
naf move wes
nth convoy lon move den
par move bur
pru move war
rum support ank move sev
ser move tri
swe move nwy
tun support wes move tys
tyr move tri
ven support mun move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
