PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bud move rum
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
rom move tus
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
bot move swe
bud move ser
den hold
kie move hol
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move bel
sev move bla
spa hold
stp move nwy
tus move tun
tys convoy tus move tun
vie move bud
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel support mun move bur
ber hold
bla support sev move rum
bre hold
bud support ser move rum
con move bul
den move ska
eng move mid
gal support sev move rum
hol support bel
ion move gre
kie move den
mar hold
mun move bur
nap hold
nrg move nwy
par move bur
ser move rum
sev move rum
smy move con
spa hold
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tun move naf
tys move wes
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move pic
ber hold
bla move rum
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur support bel move pic
con move bul
den support ska move nth
gal move bud
gre support rum move bul
hol move bel
mid move por
mar support naf move spa
naf move spa via convoy
nap move tys
nrg move bar
nwy support swe
par move pic
rum move bul via convoy
sev support bla move rum
ska move nth
spa move gas
swe support nwy
vie move bud
wes convoy naf move spa
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet nap
remove par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel move yor
ber move mun
bud support vie move gal
bul move rum via convoy
bur move par
con move bul
den support nth
gal move rum
gas move bur
gre move aeg
mid move eng
mar hold
nap move ion
nth convoy bel move yor
nwy move fin
pic move bre
rum move bla
sev support gal move rum
smy move aeg
spa hold
stp/sc hold
swe hold
tri move ser via convoy
tys move gol
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
gal move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bre support par
bud support gal move rum
bul support gal move rum
con move bul
den hold
fin move swe
gal move rum
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
gol move wes
mid support spa move por
mar hold
mun hold
nth move bel
par support bre
rum hold
ser support gal move rum
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp/sc hold
swe move nwy
tyr hold
ukr support rum
war move gal
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bur
remove eng
build Fleet kie
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy bul move smy
bel move nth
ber move pru
bla support con move bul
bre hold
bud move rum
bul move smy via convoy
con move bul
den support bel move nth
gal move ukr
ion move eas
kie move bal
lon move yor
lvp move edi
mid move iri
mar move gas
mun move sil
nwy move nrg
par move bur
por move spa
ser move bul
sev support rum
smy move aeg
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
ukr support rum
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move gre
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bal support den
bla support bul
boh move mun
bot move lvn
bre move par
bud support gal move rum
bul hold
bur move mun
den support bal
eas move smy
gal move rum
gas move par
gre move bul via convoy
iri convoy spa move wal
lvp move edi
mid convoy spa move wal
nth support lvp move edi
nrg move bar
pie move mar
pru support sil
rum support bul
ser support gal move rum
sev support rum
sil support bur move mun
smy move aeg
spa move wal via convoy
swe hold
tyr move mun
ukr support rum
war support bot move lvn
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove boh
build Fleet con
build Army kie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bal move den
bar move nwy
ber support pru move sil
bla support bul
bud hold
bul support rum
con move aeg
den move nth
eas move smy
edi move lvp
gal move vie
gas move par
gre support ser move bul
iri support wal move lvp
kie move ruh
lvn move pru
mid move bre
mar move bur
mun move bur
nth move eng
pru move sil
rum support bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil move mun
smy support con move aeg
swe support bar move nwy
ukr support rum
wal move lvp
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
Italy: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
ber move kie
bla support bul
bud hold
bul support rum
con move aeg
den hold
eas move smy
edi move lvp
eng move lon
gre move bul
iri support mid move eng
lvp hold
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun support ruh move bur
nth support eng move lon
par support mar move bur
pru move ber
ruh move bur
ser support gre move bul
sil move boh
smy support con move aeg
tyr move mun
vie support tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army/dislodged lon
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
Italy: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ber support mun
bla support bul
bul hold
bur move gas
con move aeg
den hold
edi move lvp
eng move bre
gre support aeg move bul
iri move eng
kie move ruh
lon move eng
lvn move bal
lvp hold
mun support ruh move bur
nap move ion
nth move bel
nwy move ska
par support eng move bre
rom move nap
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser support aeg move bul
sev support rum
smy move eas
ukr move war
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army/dislodged bre
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
bul move con
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bal support pru move ber
bel support lon move eng
ber support mun
bla support con
bre support iri move eng
bud move rum
bul/sc support ion move aeg
bur move gas
con move bul
den hold
eas support ion move aeg
edi move lvp
gas move mar
gre support bul/sc
ion move aeg
iri move eng
lon move eng
mun support ber
par hold
pic move par
pru move ber
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
ska support swe move den
smy support aeg
swe move den
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move kie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bel
build Army ven
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bal support den move kie
ber support kie
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul/sc move con
bur support gas move par
den move kie
eas move smy
edi move lvp
gal support bud move rum
gas move par
gre support bul/sc
iri move eng
kie support ber
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mun support ber
nap move apu
par hold
pic support gas move par
pru move ber
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
sev move ukr
sil support pru move ber
ska move nth
tyr move mun
ven move pie
vie support gal
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hol
rum move sev
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
apu move ven
bal move den
ber move mun
bla move ank
bre hold
bul/sc move con
bur move mar
con move smy
edi move lvp
eng support bre
gal support rum move ukr
gre move ser via convoy
hol move kie
kie support ber move mun
mun support hol move kie
nth move lon
par hold
pic move bel
pie move mar
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev move rum
sil support war move gal
spa support pie move mar
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move rum
vie support gal
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move pic
ber move mun
bre move eng
bud support gal move rum
con move bla
den move nth
edi move lvp
eng move nth
gal move rum
gre move bul via convoy
hol move nth
kie support ber move mun
lon support den move nth
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
par move bre
rom move tys
rum hold
ser support gal move rum
sev support rum
sil support ukr move gal
spa move gas
stp/sc move bot
tri move ser
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
ven move pie
vie support gal
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm hold
bla move sev
boh move tyr
bot move swe
bre hold
bud support vie move gal
bul support rum
edi move lvp
eng support bre
gal support sil move boh
gas support mar move bur
hol move nth
kie move hol
lon hold
mar move bur
mun support sil move boh
nth support kie move hol
par move bre
pic support par move bre
pie move mar
rum support bla move sev
ser support rum
sil move boh
tri support vie
tys move wes
ukr support sev
vie move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move vie
gal move sil
hol move bel
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army stp
remove vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm hold
bel move eng
bla move sev
boh support ukr move gal
bre move pic
bud move vie
bul move con
bur support gas move par
edi move lvp
gal move ukr
gas move par
hol move bel
lon hold
mar move gas
mos support sev
mun hold
nth support hol move bel
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
rum support gal move ukr
ser support rum
sil support ukr move gal
stp move nwy
swe move ska
tri support bud move vie
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm hold
bel support mun move ruh
bla move sev
boh support sil move mun
bre support par move pic
bud support vie
bur move ruh
con move ank via convoy
edi move lvp
eng support par move pic
gal support boh
gas move bur
lon support ska move nth
mid move nat
mos support sev
mun move ruh
nth move nrg
nwy hold
par move pic
pic move bre
rum move ukr via convoy
ser move rum
sev support war move ukr
sil move mun
ska move nth
smy move aeg
tri support vie
vie hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army stp
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
bla convoy ank move sev
boh support mun
bre move pic
bud move gal
bur move mun
edi move lvp
eng convoy pic move wal
gal support mos move ukr
gas move par
lon hold
mos move ukr
mun support boh
nat move nrg
nth support nwy move edi
nrg convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi via convoy
pic move wal via convoy
ruh support bel
rum move ukr via convoy
ser support bud
sev support mos move ukr
stp move lvn
tri support vie
tyr support bur move mun
vie support bud move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Germany: army/dislodged edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi move yor
gal move war
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bel hold
bla convoy ank move sev
boh support war move gal
bur move mun
edi hold
eng support wal move lon
gal move ukr
lon hold
lvn move mos
lvp move edi
nat move cly
nth support lon
nrg support edi
pic move bel
ruh support bel
rum support ank move sev
ser support rum
sev support ukr
sil support mun
tri support vie
tyr hold
ukr support war move gal
vie hold
wal move lon
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
gal move bud
sev move arm
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ven
remove yor
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support ukr move sev
bel hold
bla support sev
boh support mun
bud support vie move gal
bur support pic move bel
cly support lvp move edi
eng support pic move bel
gal move rum
lon hold
lvp move edi
mos support ukr move sev
mun support boh
nth support lon
nrg support edi
par move pic
pic move bel
ruh support bel
rum move ukr
ser support rum
sev move mos
sil support boh
tri move vie via convoy
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
ven move pie
vie move gal
wal move lon
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: army/dislodged bel
Italy: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Italy: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move ank
bla move ank
boh support mun
bud move rum
bur support tyr move mun
cly support lvp move edi
eng support wal move lon
gal support bud move rum
hol move bel
ion move aeg
lon support nth
lvp move edi
mos support sil move war
mun support boh
nth support lon
nrg support edi
pic support bel
pie move mar
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bul
ser move bul
sil move war
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
wal move lon
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
arm move ank
bel move nth
bla move ank
boh support mun
bud support gal
bur move ruh
cly move edi
eng move lon
gal move war
hol move bel
lvp support cly move edi
mos move ukr
mun support boh
nth support lon
nrg support edi
pic move bel
ruh support mun
rum support ukr
ser move bul
sev support mos move ukr
smy hold
stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie via convoy
tyr support vie move boh
ukr support gal move war
ven support tyr
vie move boh
wal support eng move lon
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Russia: fleet/dislodged lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move yor
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move ank
bel move eng
bla support ukr move sev
boh support mun
bud move gal
bul move ank via convoy
bur support pic move bel
cly move edi
gal move ukr
hol move bel
lon support wal move yor
lvp support cly
mos move ukr
mun support boh
nth support edi
nrg move nat
nwy move nrg
pic move bel
ruh support hol move bel
rum support ukr move sev
sev move rum
smy move con
tri support tyr
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
vie move boh
wal move yor
war support mos move ukr
yor support edi
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
bla support bul move con
boh move tyr
bud move ser
bul move con
bur support pic move bel
edi support nrg move cly
eng support lon move nth
gal move ukr
hol move bel
lon move nth
lvp support cly move edi
mar move spa
mun move bur
nat support nrg move cly
nap move ion
nth support edi
nrg move cly
pic move bel
rom move apu
ruh support hol move bel
rum support gal move ukr
sev move mos via convoy
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie hold
war support ukr move mos
yor support cly move edi
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Italy: fleet/dislodged con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
con move aeg
nth move nwy
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
ank support smy
apu move alb via convoy
bel hold
boh move mun
bur support pic move bel
cly move lvp
edi support cly move lvp
eng support pic move bel
ion convoy apu move alb
lvp hold
mos hold
mun move bur
nat support cly move lvp
nth move den
nwy move nth
pic move bel
ruh support bel
smy support ank
tri hold
tyr support tri
war support mos
yor support lvp
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Italy: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army/dislodged lvp
Russia: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
lvp move wal
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank move con
bel hold
boh move tyr
bur support pic move bel
den support eng move nth
edi move yor
eng move nth
gre move bul/sc
ion move eas
lvp move wal
mos support war move ukr
mun support boh move tyr
nth support edi move yor
pic move bel
ruh support bel
smy support ank move con
stp/nc move nwy
tri support alb move ser
tyr move vie
wal move lon
war move ukr
yor support wal move lon
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
nth move hel
tyr move ven
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bel hold
bul/sc move con
bur support pic move bel
den move kie
eas move smy
edi hold
hel support ruh move kie
mos move sev
mun support tyr
nat move mid
nth move hol
nwy move swe
pic move bel
ruh move kie
ser move rum
tri move bud
tyr hold
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tyr
wal move lvp
yor move lvp
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Russia: army/dislodged bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
smy move ank
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
