PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud support vie move gal
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support sil move war
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mos move war
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
pie move mar
sev move rum
sil move war
ukr support sev move rum
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
ank move bla
bar move stp/nc
bel support bur
ber move pru
bot support mos move lvn
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul support ser move rum
bur support bel
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
edi move nth
gal move ukr
hol support kie
kie support den
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun move sil
nap move tys
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rum move bla
ser move rum
smy move aeg
tun move wes
ukr move war
ven move tus
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ion
ank move con
bot move bal
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
den move kie
gal support rum
hol support den move kie
kie move mun
lvn hold
mid move wes
mar move gol
nwy support stp/nc
pie move mar
pru move war
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil support pru move war
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tus move rom
tys support wes move gol
ukr hold
war move mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bal
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Fleet lvp
build Army par
build Fleet tri
remove ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support bul move gre
ank move bla
bel support par move pic
ber move kie
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move mar
con hold
gal move rum
gre hold
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move nat
gol move spa/sc
mar move gol
mos support rum move sev
mun move bur
nth move den
par move pic
pie move mar
rom move tun via convoy
rum move sev
sil move mun
spa/sc support mar move gol
swe support nth move den
tri move adr
tys convoy rom move tun
ukr hold
war support mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tus
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support gre
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla move arm
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den move kie
gre support ser move bul
hol support mun move ruh
ion move tun
kie move bal
gol support spa/sc move mar
mos support war move lvn
mun move ruh
nat move nrg
nth support bel move hol
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie move mar
rom move nap
rum support sev
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil move mun
spa/sc move mar
swe move fin
tus move rom
tys move tun
ukr move gal
war move lvn
wes support ion move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bud
build Army edi
remove gal
remove nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
arm hold
bel support bur move ruh
ber move kie
bud move gal
bul hold
bur move ruh
con hold
den move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
fin move stp
gre hold
hol support bur move ruh
ion move tun
lvn support mos move stp
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support ruh move bur
nth move hel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par support bur
pie move mar
rom support tys
ruh move bur
rum move sev
sev move mos
smy move aeg
stp/nc move bar
swe move bal
tri move ven
tun hold
tys support ion move tun
wes support tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move tus
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move ion
arm move sev
bal move lvn
bar support nwy move stp
bel support par move bur
ber move mun
bul support gre
con move bul
den support hel move kie
fin support nwy move stp
gal move boh
gre support bul
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion move nap
lvn support stp
gol support pie move tus
mos support stp
mun move bur
nrg hold
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie move tus
rom support tys
ruh support hel move kie
sev move arm
stp hold
tun support wes move tys
tus hold
tys support tus
ven hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
remove rom
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support tun move ion
arm move sev
bal support kie move ber
bar support stp
bel move ruh
ber move kie
boh support mun
bud move gal
bul support gre
bur support ruh move mun
con hold
den support hol move kie
edi hold
fin move swe
gre support bul
hol move kie
ion support nap move tys
kie move ber
lvn support mos
gol move tys
mos hold
mun support ber move kie
nap move tys
nrg move nth
ruh move mun
sev move arm
stp hold
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys move rom
ven move apu
vie move tyr
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
ion move alb
tys move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb support apu move ion
apu move ion
arm move sev
bal move bot
bar support stp
bel move ruh
ber support den move bal
boh support mun
bul support gre
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
den move bal
edi move den via convoy
gal move war
gre support bul
ion move gre
kie support ber
lvn support gal move war
mos support gal move war
mun support sil
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move den
ruh move mun
sev move arm
sil support mun
swe hold
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys move tun
ven support nap move rom
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move ser
ion move eas
tun disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove lvn
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
arm move sev
bal support swe move lvn
bel support bur
ber hold
boh move mun
bot convoy swe move lvn
bud move rum
bul support aeg move gre
bur support kie move mun
den move kie
eas move ion
gre support ser move bul
ion support rom move tys
kie move mun
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move bur
nth hold
par move gas
pie move tus
rom move tys
ruh support kie move mun
ser move bul
sev move arm
stp support swe move lvn
swe move lvn via convoy
tun support wes move tys
tus support wes move tys
ven support pie move tus
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet/dislodged tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mun disband
tus move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb move gre
arm move sev
bal convoy kie move pru
bel move bur
ber move kie
boh move tyr
bul hold
bur move mun
eas move ion
gre move bul
ion move aeg
kie move pru via convoy
lvn move mos
gol move tus
mos support war
mun move tyr
nth hold
pie support gol move tus
rom move nap
ruh support bur move mun
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev move arm
stp support lvn move mos
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys support tun move ion
ven move tus
war support mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
ion move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove eas
build Army edi
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ion
arm move sev
bal hold
bar hold
bel move ruh
boh support tri move tyr
bot hold
bul hold
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
edi move den via convoy
gas move mar
gre support alb move ion
ion support tys move nap
kie hold
lvn move war
mos support war
mun move sil
nap support alb move ion
nth convoy edi move den
pie move gol
pru support lvn move war
rom support nap
ruh move mun
rum support sev
ser support bul
sev support mos
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tus move rom
tys move nap
ven support rom
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb move ion
arm move sev
bal convoy den move lvn
bul move con
bur move mun
con hold
den move lvn via convoy
gal move war
gre support alb move ion
ion move nap
gol move wes
mar move pie
mos support gal move war
mun move sil
nap support alb move ion
pru support sil move war
ruh support bur move mun
rum support sev
ser support bul
sev support mos
sil move war
stp support war move mos
tus move rom
tys support ion move nap
ven move pie
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: fleet/dislodged nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nap move apu
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army bre
build Army edi
build Army par
remove ser
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
apu move nap
arm move sev
bre move pic
bul move con
con hold
edi move den via convoy
gal hold
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
lvn support war
mar move pie
mos support arm move sev
mun move boh
nth convoy edi move den
par move bur
pru move sil
rom support apu move nap
ruh move mun
rum support sev
sev hold
sil move gal
stp support mos
tus support ion move rom
tyr move boh
tys support wes move tun
ven support rom
war support sil move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
France: fleet/dislodged nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
gal move bud
nap move ion
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
arm move sev
bal move ber
bar move nrg
bot move bal
bud move ser
bul support rum
bur move mun
con hold
den move kie
gal move rum
gre move aeg
ion move nap
kie move hol
lvn support sil move war
mos support arm move sev
mun move boh
nap support rom
nth support kie move hol
pic move bur
pie move ven
rom support nap
ruh support bur move mun
rum support sev
sev hold
sil move war
smy move aeg
stp hold
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support ven
tys support ion move nap
ven support rom
war support sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: fleet/dislodged nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
France: army/dislodged war
France: supply war
ORDERS
nap move apu
sev move ukr
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove apu
remove gal
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove pru
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bal move kie
ber support bal move kie
boh move vie
bul move con
bur move pic
eas move smy
gre move aeg
hol move bel
ion move apu
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvn move pru
lvp move iri
mos move ukr
mun move kie
nap support tus move rom
nth support hol move bel
nrg move nat
pie move ven
rom support ven
ruh move hol
rum support ukr move sev
ser move gre
stp move lvn
tus move rom
tyr move vie
tys move wes
ukr move sev
ven support rom
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
apu move ven
arm support con move sev
bal move kie
bel support kie move hol
ber support bal move kie
boh move mun
bul move con
con move sev via convoy
eas move smy
eng move bre
iri support nat move mid
kie move hol
lvn move mos
mun move bur
nat move mid
nap move tys
nth support bel
pic move bre
pie support apu move ven
pru move sil
ruh move hol
rum support sev
sev support rum
smy hold
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army/dislodged ven
France: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
smy disband
ven move tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army lon
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bel move eng
ber move bal
bla support con move bul
bre support pic
bud support rum
bul move con
bur move bel
con move bul
eng move mid
gal move rum
gre move ser
hol move ruh
iri support eng move mid
kie move hel
lon move den via convoy
mid move gas
mos move sev
mun move kie
nth convoy lon move den
pic support bur move bel
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh support bur move bel
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
sil move ber
smy support bul move con
spa/sc move por
tri hold
tys move wes
ukr support gal move rum
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move bul via convoy
bal support den move kie
bel support kie move hol
ber move mun
bla convoy ank move bul
bre move eng
bud support rum
con hold
den move kie
eng support gas move bre
gal move rum
gas move bre
hel move hol
hol move bel
iri support mid
kie move hol
mid support gas move bre
mar support wes move spa
mos support ukr move sev
nth support hol move bel
pic support bel
por move mid
ruh move mun
rum support sev
ser move bul
sev support rum
smy support con
tys move wes
ukr move sev
vie move boh
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet lvp
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move ank
bal move kie
bel support hol
ber move mun
boh move sil
bre move gas
bud move gal
con support arm move ank
eng move bel
gal move sil
hel support kie move hol
hol support bel
ion hold
iri support mid
kie move hol
lvp move nat
mid support bre move gas
mar move gas
mos move sev
nth support kie move hol
par move bre
pic support par move bre
por move mid
ruh move kie
rum support bud move gal
ser move bud
sev move ukr
smy hold
spa/sc support por move mid
tri move vie
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
mid move naf
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move kie
bel support pic
boh support ruh move mun
bre support pic
bud move rum
con move bul
eng support hol move bel
gal support rum move ukr
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion move tun
iri support naf move mid
mid move naf
mar move bur
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nat support naf move mid
nth support hol move bel
pic support bel
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
sev support ukr move rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
ukr move rum
ven move apu
vie move tyr
war move gal
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
mid move spa/sc
mun move sil
rum move ser
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
apu move ion
bel hold
boh move mun
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move bel
edi move den via convoy
eng support bel
gal move ukr
hol support bel
iri support mid
kie move bal
lvp move yor
mid hold
mun support ruh move kie
nat support mid
nth convoy edi move den
pic support bur move bel
por move mid
ruh move kie
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
sev move arm
sil move ber
spa/sc support por move mid
tri move ven
tun support aeg move ion
tyr support boh move mun
war move sil
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
England: army/dislodged rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ruh
rum move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu move nap
bal support den move kie
bel hold
ber support den move kie
bre support pic
bud move gal
bur support kie move mun
den move kie
eng support bel
gal move rum
hol support bel
ion move tys
iri hold
kie move mun
mid move naf
nat move nrg
nth support hol
pic support bre
por move spa/sc
ruh support kie move mun
rum support ukr move sev
ser support rum
sev support gal move rum
sil move war
spa/sc move gol
tun support ion move tys
tyr move ven
ukr move sev
ven move apu
wes support mid move naf
yor hold
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove lon
remove ruh
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move ion
arm move sev
bal convoy kie move lvn
bel hold
ber hold
bre support pic
bud move gal
bur support mun
eng move wal
gal move vie
hol support bel
iri move lvp
kie move lvn via convoy
gol move tys
mun support bur
naf support wes move tun
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move den
pic support bre
rum support arm move sev
ser move tri
sev move mos
spa/sc move wes
tri move adr
tun support tys
tyr move pie
tys support ven move rom
ukr move mos
ven move rom
vie support bud move gal
war support sev move mos
wes move tun
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move sil
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move nap
bal convoy den move pru
bel hold
ber move kie
bur move mar
den move pru via convoy
gal move war
hol move kie
lvn support mos
lvp hold
gol support bur move mar
mos hold
mun hold
naf hold
nap move ion
nth support bel
nrg hold
pic move bur
pie move tus
rom support apu move nap
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil support war
tri move ven
tun support nap move ion
tys support adr move ion
ukr support gal move war
vie move boh
wal hold
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army bud
remove naf
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move kie
bel move hol
ber support sil
boh support gal
bud support gal
bur move mun
gal support boh
hol move hel
ion move aeg
lvn support mos
lvp move cly
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move tyr
nap support adr move ion
nth move bel
nrg move bar
pru support war
rum move bul
sev support ukr
sil hold
tri move alb
tun support wes move tys
tus move pie
tys move tun
ukr support sev
ven support tus move pie
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
tys move tus
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move gre
ber support sil
boh support gal
bud move ser
bul move con
bur move mun
gal support boh
hel move kie
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move bal
lvn support mos
gol move tus
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move tyr
nap support ion move tys
pie support tus
pru support war
rom support tus
sev support ukr
sil support mun move boh
tun move ion
tus support ion move tys
tys support tun move ion
ukr support sev
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
France: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
tys move tun
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove ven
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bal move kie
ber move sil
boh support tyr
bre move mid
bur support mun
cly move nat
con move smy
gal support ukr
gre move aeg
hel move nth
ion move aeg
lvn support mos
lvp move iri
gol move wes
mar move pie
mos hold
nap move tys
pie support tus
pru support war
rom move nap
ser move bul
sev support ukr
sil move boh
smy support ion move aeg
tun support gol move wes
tus support tys move gol
tyr support boh
tys move gol
ukr support gal
war hold
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
boh move mun
bul move con
bur support mar
con move ank
gal support ukr
ion move gre
lvn support mos
gol move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mos hold
mun support sil move boh
nap hold
nth move hel
pie support gol move mar
pru support war
sev support ukr
sil move gal
smy move con
tun move tys
tus move gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tus move gol
ukr support gal
war support sil move gal
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support bul move con
bel hold
ber support bur move mun
boh support tyr
bul move con
bur support mar
gal support ukr
hel hold
ion move adr
iri move lvp
lvn move mos
gol support tys
mar support bur
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nat move nrg
nap hold
pie support tyr
pru move sil
sev support ukr
sil move gal
smy move aeg
spa/sc move gol
tun move tys
tus support tys
tyr support boh
tys support gol
ukr support gal
war support sil move gal
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move bud
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move bul/sc
ank move smy
bel hold
ber move sil
boh move vie
bud move rum
bur support mun
con support ank move smy
gal move ukr
gre move bul/sc
hel move kie
kie move ber
lvn support mos
lvp hold
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support gal move ukr
mun support bur
nap hold
nrg hold
pie move ven
sev support ukr
sil move gal
tun support wes move tys
tus support tys
tyr move tri
tys support tus
ukr support sev
war support gal move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Austria: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move tyr
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove bur
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
ber move bal
bud move gal
gal move rum
hol move ruh
lvn move war
gol support pie move tus
mos support ukr move sev
mun move tyr
pie move tus
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil move boh
smy hold
tri support tyr move ven
tun support wes move tys
tus support tys
tyr move ven
tys support tus
ukr move sev
vie support bud move gal
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: fleet/dislodged tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet/dislodged tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
gal move sil
sev move arm
tus move rom
tys disband
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ion move nap
arm move sev
boh move vie
con move bul
gal support rum move ukr
gre move alb
ion move nap
gol move pie
mos support sev
nap support rom
rom support nap
ruh move hol
rum move ukr
sev support ukr move rum
sil move gal
smy move con
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support tus move rom
ukr move rum
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
gal move bud
tyr move mun
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri move adr
apu move ven
arm move sev
bar convoy edi move stp
boh support mun move tyr
bud move gal
bul move ser
con move bul
edi move stp via convoy
gal move vie
ion move aeg
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nrg convoy edi move stp
par move bur
pie move tus
rom support apu move ven
rum support arm move sev
sev move rum
tri move adr
tyr hold
tys move ion
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tyr
vie support bud move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1918 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
England: army ukr
Austria: army/dislodged ven
France: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
gal move sil
rum move bud
ven move tri
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
alb support adr move ion
apu support ven move adr
arm move sev
boh support tyr move vie
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move mun
gal move ukr
ion support ven move adr
mos move sev
pie move ven
rom support pie move ven
rum support mos move sev
ser support bul move rum
sil support war move gal
stp move mos
tus move tys
tyr move vie
ukr support rum
ven move adr
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1918 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
apu support tys move ion
boh support gal
bre move par
con move smy
gal support ukr move rum
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move tyr
par move bur
rom move nap
sil support boh
stp move mos
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1919 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
bal move ber
bar convoy edi move stp
bel move nth
bur move mun
edi move stp via convoy
gal support sev move rum
hol move bel
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move hel
mos move sev
nap move gre via convoy
nrg convoy edi move stp
par move bur
rum move bul
sev move rum
tri move bud
tyr move tri
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb move ion
apu move ion
bar move nrg
bel move bur
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud support tri move ser
bul move con
bur move mun
edi move hol via convoy
gal support rum move bud
gre support tri move ser
hel move kie
ion move aeg
lon move yor
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mar move bur
mun move tyr
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move nat
par support mar move bur
rum move bud
ser move alb
sev move arm
sil support boh move mun
smy move con
stp move mos
tri move ser
tun move wes
vie support bud
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support gre move bul
apu move ion
arm move ank
bel support hol move ruh
ber move bal
bre support wes move mid
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur support par move pic
gal move bud
gre move bul
hel convoy yor move kie
hol move ruh
iri move wal
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support hol move ruh
nat move iri
nth convoy yor move kie
nrg move nat
par move pic
rum support bul move ser
ser support gre move bul
sil support mun
smy move con
spa/sc support wes move mid
tyr move mun
vie move gal
wes move mid
yor move kie via convoy
PHASE 1920 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1921 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
bal convoy kie move lvn
bel hold
bre support mid
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur support pic move bel
con support aeg move smy
gal support rum
ion move aeg
iri support nat move mid
kie move lvn via convoy
lon move eng
mid support bre
mar support bur
mun support sil move boh
nat move mid
nth support bel
par support bre
pic move bel
pie move tyr
ruh support mun
rum hold
ser move rum
sev support rum
sil move boh
spa/sc support mid
tri move adr
tyr move boh
vie move gal
wal support lon move eng
PHASE 1921 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army rum
England: army/dislodged rum
England: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1921 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army rum
England: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
ank move con
bel move pic
boh support gal move vie
bre support mid
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur support pic move bel
con move bla
edi move bel via convoy
eng support bel move pic
gal move vie
hel move hol
iri move mid
lvn move mos
mid support bre
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nat support iri move mid
nth convoy edi move bel
par support bur
pic move bel
pie move ven
ruh move bur
rum support bud
sev move rum
smy support aeg move con
spa/sc support mid
tyr support vie
ukr support sev move rum
vie support tyr
wal move iri
PHASE 1921 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army rum
England: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
France: army/dislodged vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: supply war
ORDERS
vie move tri
PHASE 1921 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mar
PHASE 1922 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
bel move bur
bla support con move ank
boh move tyr
bre support mid
bud support tyr move vie
bul support rum
bur support par
con move ank
eng move mid
hol move bel
ion move tys
iri support eng move mid
mar support bur
mos move sev
mun support bel move bur
nat support eng move mid
nth support wal move eng
par support bre
pic move bre
pie move tyr
ruh support bel move bur
rum support bud
sev move rum
spa/sc support mid
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ukr support sev move rum
ven support pie move tyr
vie move bud
wal move eng
PHASE 1922 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: army/dislodged ank
France: fleet ank
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
England: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
England: army/dislodged vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bur move gas
mid move por
vie move gal
PHASE 1922 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet ank
England: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
England: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
arm support mos move sev
bel move pic
bla support rum
boh move tyr
bre support spa/sc move mid
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur move gas
eng support mid move bre
gal support sev move rum
gas support bre
iri move mid
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun support boh move tyr
nat support iri move mid
nth move bel
par support bre
pic move par
por move mid
ruh move bur
rum support bud move gal
sev move rum
spa/sc support tys move wes
tri move tyr
tyr move boh
tys move wes
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tyr move boh
PHASE 1922 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet ank
France: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
England: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
