PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun
bla move ank
bot move swe
bur move mun
gal support ukr move rum
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
ukr move rum
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
bel support hol
ber move mun
bla support sev move arm
bre support par move pic
bud move ser
bul support ser move rum
con support bul
gal move sil
gre support ion move aeg
hol support bel
ion move aeg
kie support ber move mun
lon move eng
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth support nwy
nwy support bar move stp/nc
par move pic
por move mid
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy tun move bul
ank hold
arm move ank
bel support hol
bla support arm move ank
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur support ruh move bel
con support ank
den support swe
eng move wal
fin support swe move nwy
gre support tun move bul
hol support bel
ion convoy tun move bul
kie move ruh
mid move nat
mun support kie move ruh
nth support nwy
nwy support stp/nc
pic support ruh move bel
ruh move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser support bud move rum
sil move ber
stp/nc support nwy
swe move nwy
tri support ser
tun move bul
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove fin
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move eas
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber move sil
bla support arm move sev
bre move pic
bud move gal
bur support bel move ruh
con support smy move aeg
den move kie
gal move ukr
gre support aeg
hol support ruh
ion move eas
lon move eng
mar move gas
mun support ruh
nat hold
nap move ion
nth move nrg
nwy move fin
pic move bel
ruh support hol
rum support gal move ukr
ser support rum
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move vie
ukr move war
ven move apu
wal move iri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank support smy
apu move syr
bel support bur
bla support con move bul/sc
bre move par
bul move con
bur support bel
con move bul/sc
eas convoy apu move syr
eng move mid
fin move stp
gal move war
gas support bur
gre support aeg
hol move bel
ion convoy apu move syr
iri support eng move mid
kie move ber
mun support ruh
nat move lvp
nrg support stp/nc move nwy
pic support bel
ruh support hol move bel
rum support bul
ser support rum
sil move war
smy hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
ukr support gal move war
vie move boh
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove nwy
remove sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bla support con move bul/sc
boh move gal
bre move eng
bul move con
bur move mar
den move nth
eas support syr move smy
gas move spa
gre support aeg
hol support ruh
ion move tys
iri move wal
lvp move wal
mid move por
mos support sev move ukr
mun support ruh
nrg move nth
par move gas
pic support bel
ruh support hol
rum support ukr
ser support rum
sev move ukr
stp support war move mos
syr move smy
ukr support war move mos
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bel hold
ber move bal
bla move bul/ec
bud move gal
con support aeg move bul/sc
den move nth
eas move aeg
eng move lon
gal move war
gas move par
iri move lvp
lvn support stp move mos
lvp hold
mar move spa
mos support gal move war
nrg move edi
pic support bel
por hold
ruh move kie
rum hold
ser support rum
sev move rum
smy support con
spa move por
tys move ion
ukr support mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet nap
remove nth
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bal move swe
bel move ruh
bla support sev
bud move rum
bul/sc move con
con move ank
edi move yor
gal support ukr
gre hold
ion move tun
iri move eng
kie move den
lon move nth
lvn move mos
lvp move cly
mar support par move bur
mos support bud move sev
nap move tys
par move bur
pic move bel
rom move tus
rum move sev
ser support bud move rum
sev support lvn move mos
smy support con move ank
spa hold
ukr support rum move sev
war support mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
bla move bul/ec
bud move vie
bur support ruh move mun
cly move edi
con move bla
eng support yor move lon
hol support mun move ruh
ion move tun
lvn support sev move mos
mar move pie
mos support ukr move sev
mun move ruh
nth move lon
ruh move mun
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bud
sev move mos
smy move arm
spa move por
stp hold
tun move wes
tus move pie
tys move gol
ukr move sev
war support mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
remove lvn
build Army tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support bur move ruh
ber support den move kie
bla move bul/ec
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul/ec move con
bur move ruh
den move kie
edi move yor
eng move wal
gal move war
gre support bla move bul/sc
hol support kie move ruh
kie move ruh
lon move nth
gol support wes move spa/sc
mar support spa
mos move stp
mun support bur move ruh
nth support bre move eng
por move spa/sc
rum support bla move bul/ec
smy move arm
spa support mar
stp move nwy
swe move ska
tri move vie
tun move ion
tus move pie
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move hol
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
den support kie
eng support yor move lon
gal move sil
gre hold
hol support kie
ion move aeg
kie support ber move mun
lon support wal
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mar move bur
mun support ruh
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por move mid
ruh support bel move hol
rum hold
sev hold
ska support stp move nwy
spa move mar
stp move nwy
vie move tyr
wal support lon
war move pru
wes support gol move spa/sc
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
spa move por
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove mid
build Fleet nap
build Army par
remove swe
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
boh move tyr
bud move ser
bul/ec move bla
bur support mun
con move bul
den move kie
eng move wal
gre move ion
hol move edi
kie move ruh
lon move wal
mun support kie move ruh
nap move apu
nth convoy hol move edi
nwy move fin
par move pic
pie move gol
por move spa
pru move sil
ruh support mun
rum move bul
sev move arm
sil move gal
ska move nwy
stp move mos
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
wal move lvp
wes move tys
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ruh move hol
ven move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
apu move adr
arm move bul
bla convoy arm move bul
bul move gre
bur move ruh
edi move lvp
eng move wal
fin move swe
gal support rum
hol support bur move ruh
ion move gre
kie move den
lon move eng
gol move wes
mos support sev
nth move lon
pic move bel
por move spa
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support ion move gre
sev support rum
sil hold
tri move alb
tyr support ven
tys move nap
ven hold
yor support nth move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ruh move kie
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove lvp
remove spa/sc
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support bul move gre
alb support tri move adr
arm move bul
bla convoy arm move bul
bul move gre
den move swe
edi move lvp
eng move bel
gal move rum
hol support ruh
ion move aeg
kie support mun
lon support wal move eng
mos support sev
mun support kie
nap move ion
nwy move nth
pic hold
por move spa
ruh support hol
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support gal move rum
sil hold
swe move fin
tri move adr
tyr move ven
ven move tus
wal move eng
wes move tun
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet/dislodged adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support gre move bul
alb move gre
apu move ven
arm move con
bel support kie move hol
bla convoy arm move con
bul hold
edi support lon move nth
eng support pic move bel
fin hold
gre move bul
hol support pic move bel
ion move aeg
kie move hol
lon move nth
mos support sev
mun move bur
nap support tun move ion
nth support kie move hol
pic move bel
ruh support pic move bel
rum support bul
ser support alb move gre
sev hold
sil hold
tun move ion
tus move rom
ven support tus move rom
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ion move eas
nth move hel
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army ber
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support con move bul
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla support con move bul
bur move ruh
con move bul
eas move smy
edi move nrg
eng move nth
gre support adr move ion
hel support kie move hol
hol hold
kie move hol
lvp move edi
mar support par move bur
mos move sev
mun support bur move ruh
nap support rom move apu
nth move ska
par move bur
rom move apu
ruh move bel
rum support bul
ser support gre
sev move arm
sil support mun
spa move gas
swe move nwy
tus support ven move rom
ven move rom
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
apu move ven
arm move ank
bel support bur move ruh
bla move ank
bur move ruh
edi move nwy
fin support nwy
gas move bur
gre support rum move bul
hel move den
hol support ruh
ion move tun
kie support hel move den
mar move pie
mun support ruh
nap support tys move rom
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy hold
pic support bel
rom move nap
ruh support hol
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
sil hold
ska move swe
smy hold
tus move ven
tys move rom
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
remove nap
remove rom
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move rom
arm move ank
bel support bur
bla move ank
bud move tri
bul hold
bur support bel
den move swe
fin support nwy
gas move mar
gre move aeg
hol support ruh
kie move den
mar move gol
mun support vie move tyr
nth support swe move nwy
nrg support swe move nwy
nwy support den move swe
pic support bel
pie move tus
ruh support hol
rum support bul
ser support bul
smy support gre move aeg
tri move adr
tun move ion
tus move rom
vie move tyr
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet/dislodged aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
France: fleet/dislodged swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
swe move bot
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
apu move rom
arm move ank
bel move hol
bla support con
bot move stp/sc
bul support aeg move con
bur move ruh
eas move smy
edi move nwy
fin move stp
hol support ruh
gol support pie move tus
mar move pie
mun support ruh
nth support bel move hol
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy support swe
pic move bel
pie move tus
ruh support hol
rum move sev
ser move rum
smy support aeg move con
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tun move tys
tus move rom
tyr support tri move ven
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
hol move kie
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army bud
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank support smy move con
bel move ruh
bla support con move ank
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul support smy move con
bur support bel move ruh
con move ank
den support kie
eas move aeg
edi move nwy
fin move stp
hol support bel move ruh
ion move nap
kie move hol
gol move wes
mun move bur
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy support swe
pie support tus move ven
ruh support mun move bur
rum support bul
sev hold
sil support mun
smy move con
swe support nwy
tri support ven
tus move ven
tyr support ven
tys move rom
ven support tys move rom
vie support tyr
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Austria: army/dislodged ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel support hol
bla support ank
bot support nwy move stp
bul support aeg move con
bur support bel
con move ank
den move swe
eas move ion
edi move yor
hol hold
kie move hol
mun support ruh
nth move eng
nrg move nth
nwy support den move swe
pie support tus move ven
ruh support kie move hol
rum move sev
sev move arm
smy support con move ank
stp support nwy
swe move den
tri move adr
tus move ven
tyr support ven move pie
ven move pie
vie move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
pie disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet bre
remove ion
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
arm move ank
bel support hol
bot move bal
bre move mid
bul move gre
bur move mar
con support arm move ank
den support kie
gal move war
hol hold
kie support ruh
mar move gol
mun move bur
nap support aeg move ion
nth move hel
par move gas
pie move ven
ruh support mun move bur
ser move tri
sev move mos
smy support arm move ank
swe move bal
tun move tys
tyr support pie move ven
ven move pie
yor move lon
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel move ruh
bot move bal
bur move par
con move aeg
den support kie
eng convoy lon move bel
gas move par
hel move kie
hol support bel move ruh
ion move tun
kie support ruh
lon move bel
gol support tus move pie
mid move naf
mar support tus move pie
mos support stp
nap move tys
nwy move swe
rom support nap move tys
ruh support kie
sil move ber
smy move con
swe move bal
tri support ven
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ven support rom
war move pru
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
tys move wes
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
