PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
bla move rum
bot convoy lvn move swe
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move bul
hol hold
ion move gre
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
nth move nwy
nrg move cly
rom support ven
ruh move bel
sev support ukr move rum
tri move ven
ukr move rum
ven hold
yor hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla move sev
bot convoy lvn move swe
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move aeg
gre hold
hol move bel
ion move nap
kie move hel
lvn move swe
nap move ion
nwy move swe
par move pic
por move mid
rom move ven
rum support sev
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
spa move gas
tri move ven
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot convoy lvn move swe
bud move vie
bul support aeg move gre
bur move bel
den move swe
edi move nth
eng support bur move bel
gal move vie
gas move bur
gre move ion
hol move nth
ion move nap
lvn move swe
mid move nat
nap support gre move ion
nwy move nth
pic support bur move bel
rom move ven
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser move rum
sev support rum
tri move ven
tyr move vie
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ion move adr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move arm
bel support bur move ruh
bla hold
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move swe
eng move lon
gal support rum
gre hold
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion move tun
lvn move mos
mun hold
nat move nrg
pic move bur
rom support tyr move ven
ruh support hol move bel
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
sev move mos
tri move ven
tyr move ven
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move ruh
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur support bel move ruh
con move bul
den move nwy
eng move nth
gal move bud
hol support ruh move bel
ion move nap
lon hold
lvn move stp
mun move bur
nth support den move nwy
nrg support eng move nth
pic move bel
rom move nap
ruh move bel
rum support gal move bud
ser move bud
sev move mos
tri move ser
tun hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nth move hel
rum move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
remove ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
bul move ser
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den move nwy
gal move bud
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion move nap
lon move wal
mar support bur
mos move war
mun move bur
nth support pic move bel
nrg support nth
pic move bel
rom move ven
rum move ukr
ser move bud
smy move aeg
stp hold
swe hold
tri move ser
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel hold
bur support pic move bel
den move nwy
gal move ukr
hel support hol move nth
hol move nth
kie move ruh
mar support bur
mun hold
nth support pic move bel
nrg support nth
pic move bel
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
wal move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bel support bur
bre move eng
bur support bel
den move kie
gal move war
hel move nth
hol support ruh move bel
lvp move cly
mar support bur
mos hold
mun move bur
nth move hol
nrg support nth
nwy hold
par move pic
ruh move bel
stp/sc move bot
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ven support tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
bel support bur
bot move bal
bul move ser
bur support bel
cly move edi
con move bul
eng convoy pic move den
gal move war
gre move ion
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion move nap
kie move hol
mar support bur
mos hold
mun support ruh move bur
nap support tun move ion
nth convoy pic move den
nrg support cly move edi
nwy move ska
pic move den
ruh move bur
ser move bud
sev move mos
tri move bud
tun move ion
ukr support mos
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove ion
remove kie
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move pru
bel move hol
bre move bel
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
edi support nth
eng convoy bre move bel
gal move war
mar support bur
mos hold
nap move ion
nth support bel move hol
nrg support nth
par move pic
rom move tys
ser move bud
sev move mos
ska move nwy
tri move ser
tun support nap move ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
mos move stp
ser move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
alb move tri
bel move ruh
boh move mun
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur support bel move ruh
den move kie
edi move nth
eng move mid
gre move ion
hol support den move kie
ion move alb
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
nth move den
nrg support edi move nth
nwy hold
pic move bel
pru move ber
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud
sil move ber
stp move mos
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ukr move war
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bel move nwy
boh move gal
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur move mun
den move ska
eas move smy
hel move kie
hol move kie
ion support aeg move eas
kie move den
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos support ukr move war
mun hold
nap support tys move ion
nth convoy bel move nwy
nrg support bel move nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
pie move mar
pru move lvn
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud
sil move ber
stp support nwy
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr move war
war hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
war disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
bla move con
bud support ser move rum
bul move ser
bur move ruh
den move swe
eas move smy
gal support ser move rum
hol support ruh move kie
lvn hold
mos move stp
mun support ruh move kie
nth support ska move nwy
nrg support ska move nwy
nwy hold
ruh move kie
rum support bul move ser
ser move rum
ska move nwy
stp support lvn
tri move ser
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy disband
rum move sev
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nwy
bre move eng
bud support rum
bul move ser
con support eas move smy
eas move smy
gal support rum
ion move gre
kie move ber
lvn support stp
mun support kie move ber
nap move tys
nth convoy bel move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
par move bur
ruh move kie
rum hold
sev move rum
stp hold
swe move fin
tri move ser
ukr move war
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Turkey: army/dislodged ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
smy move aeg
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bar support nwy move stp
ber support mun move sil
bud support rum
bur move mun
eng move nth
fin support nwy move stp
gal move war
gre support aeg move bul/sc
hol hold
kie support ber
lvn support stp
gol support wes
mun move sil
nth move ska
nwy move stp
rum support aeg move bul/sc
smy move aeg
stp hold
swe move bal
wes support gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove lvn
build Fleet nap
build Army par
remove pru
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support stp move lvn
bar support fin move stp
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move gal
fin move stp
gal move ukr
gre support bul/sc
hol move ruh
kie move ber
gol convoy mar move naf
mar move naf
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth move eng
par move bur
rom move tus
rum support gal move ukr
sil move war
ska move nth
stp move lvn
tri move vie
tun support tys
ven move tri
wes convoy mar move naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bur move mun
con move bul/ec
eng move mid
gre support ion move aeg
ion support tys
lvn support stp move mos
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mos support sev move ukr
nth move eng
pru move war
ruh move kie
sev move ukr
sil support pru move war
stp move mos
tun move wes
tus move pie
tys support tun move wes
ukr support rum move sev
war support sev move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
France: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
