PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move arm
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move bla
bud move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
eng move bre
fin move swe
hol move nth
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move bur
pie support spa move mar
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
spa move mar
ukr support sev move rum
ven move apu
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu move ven
ber move pru
bla support sev move rum
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul move rum
den move swe
edi move nrg
hol move bel
kie support den
lon move eng
mar move gas
mun move sil
nap move tys
nth support nwy
nwy hold
par hold
pie move mar
por hold
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tri move bud
tun move wes
ukr support sev move rum
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel hold
bla move sev
bud support gal move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
eng support mid move bre
gal move rum
gas move spa
gre support ser move bul
kie move den
mid move bre
mar support wes move spa/sc
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move fin
par move bre
por support gas move spa
pru support sil move war
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil move war
ska move nwy
stp/nc support ska move nwy
swe support nrg move nwy
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
remove gas
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
remove sev
remove ska
remove stp/nc
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move sil
bre support eng move mid
bud move vie
bul move con
con move bul
den support swe
eng move mid
fin move stp
gal support ukr move war
gre move aeg
kie move hel
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa/sc
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth support nwy
nwy support fin move stp
par hold
pie move ven
por move mid
pru move lvn
rum move sev
ska move nth
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
tri move tyr
ukr support rum move sev
vie move boh
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move sev
bar support swe move nwy
bel support hel move hol
bla move rum
boh support tyr move mun
bre support mid
bul support aeg move con
con move bul
den support swe
gal move war
hel move hol
ion move gre
lvn move war
mid support por
mar support spa/sc
mos support lvn move war
nth support nwy
nwy support stp
par hold
por move mid
ruh support sil move mun
sev move mos
sil move mun
ska support swe move nwy
spa/sc support mid move por
stp support mos
swe hold
tyr move mun
ukr support gal move war
ven move tri
vie move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
con move smy
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bar
build Fleet lon
build Army nap
build Army rom
remove ska
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support hol move nth
boh move vie
bre move mid
bul support sev move rum
con move bla
den move swe
gal move bud
gre move aeg
hol move nth
lon move eng
lvn move stp
mid move por
mar support spa/sc
mos support lvn move stp
nap move apu
nth support lon move eng
nwy support stp
par hold
por move mid
rom move ven
ruh support sil move mun
rum move bul/ec
sev move rum
sil move mun
smy move con
spa/sc support mid move por
stp support mos
swe move fin
tri move ser
tyr move pie
tys move ion
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
nth move den
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
apu move ven
bel move eng
bla move ank
bud support vie move tri
bul support rum move ser
con hold
den support nwy move swe
eng move bel
fin support swe move nwy
gal move rum
ion move gre
lvn move stp
mid move bre
mar support spa/sc
mos support lvn move stp
mun move tyr
nth move edi
nwy move swe
par move bre
pie move ven
ruh move hol
rum move ser
ser move bul
sev hold
spa/sc hold
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
stp move nwy
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move smy
ank move bla
apu move ven
bel move nth
bud move vie
bul move rum
con move smy
den support lon move nth
edi support bel move nth
eng move bre
fin move nwy
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
kie move den
lon move nth
mid move nat
mar support tyr move pie
mos move war
mun move boh
nwy support swe
pie move tyr
por move mid
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support bul move rum
smy move con
spa/sc hold
stp support fin move nwy
swe support nwy
tyr move pie
ven move tus
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bel move pic
bla support rum move sev
bre support mid move eng
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move ank
den support lon move nth
edi move nth
fin move swe
gre support aeg move bul/sc
kie move den
lon move nth
mid move eng
mar move spa
mun move bur
nat move nrg
nth move nwy
nwy hold
pie move mar
rum move sev
ser move alb
sev move mos
smy move con
spa/sc move por
stp support nth move nwy
swe support nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tus move ven
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove swe
remove tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
arm move sev
ber move sil
bla convoy arm move bul
bre move mid
bul/sc support gre
bur move par
con move bla
den move swe
edi move nrg
eng move bel
fin move swe
gre support bul/sc
kie move den
lon support nrg move nth
mar move gas
mun support ven move tyr
nap move tys
nrg move nth
nwy support fin move swe
par hold
pic support bur move par
por move mid
rom move ven
rum support arm move sev
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
spa support mar move gas
stp move mos
tri move ven
tus move pie
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
sev move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
ank move arm
bel support nth move hol
bla move rum
bre move mid
bul/sc support gre
con move bla
den move kie
gal support tyr move vie
gas support pic move bre
gre support bul/sc
kie support swe move den
lon move yor
mos support ukr move sev
mun move bur
nth move hol
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie move tyr
por move mid
rom move ven
rum move ser
ser move gre
sev hold
sil move war
spa move mar
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr move vie
tys move wes
ukr support bla move rum
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Austria: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bre move eng
den move bal
rum move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet ber
build Army con
build Army mun
remove tri
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm hold
bel move nth
ber move kie
bla convoy con move rum
bre support par move pic
bud move ser
bul/sc support gre
bur support par move pic
con move rum
den move swe
eng support bel move nth
gal move ukr
gas move spa
gre support bul/sc
hol move hel
kie move den
mar hold
mos move sev
mun support ber move kie
nth move edi
par move pic
por move mid
rom move ven
ser support rum move bul/sc
sev support con move rum
swe move nwy
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war support gal move ukr
wes support por move mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
nth move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
arm support sev
bla support con move bul
bud support tri move ser
bul/sc move aeg
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den support lon move nth
eng move lon
gre move alb
hel move hol
kie move hol
lon move nth
mid move nat
mar move gas
mos support ukr move sev
nth move edi
nwy support lon move nth
pic move bel
rum move bla
ser move tri
sev hold
spa move gas
tri move ser
tyr move pie
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
wes move mid
yor support eng move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army con
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm support sev
bel move hol
bla move con
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move smy
den support nth move hel
edi support hel move nth
gre support ser move bul
hel move nth
kie support bel move hol
lon move eng
mid convoy spa move lvp
mar move gas
mos support ukr move sev
mun hold
nat convoy spa move lvp
nth move hel
nwy move ska
pie move mar
ser move bul
sev support bul move rum
spa move lvp
swe move nwy
tri move bud
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move smy
bel move bur
bla support con move bul
boh move mun
bre hold
bud move rum
bul support aeg move con
con move bul
den move nth
edi support nth move nrg
eng support bre
gal move sil
gas support mid move bre
gre support bul
hel hold
hol move ruh
kie move bal
lon support eng
lvp move edi
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos move war
mun hold
nat move mid
nth move nrg
nwy move swe
sev move rum
sil support mun
ska move nwy
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
mun move kie
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove hel
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove sev
remove swe
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bal move ber
bel move pic
bla support ank move con
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bla
edi support nrg move cly
eng support bre
gal move ukr
gas support mun move bur
gre move aeg
kie support sil move mun
lon move wal
lvp move cly
mid support nat move iri
mar support mun move bur
mun move bur
nat move iri
nap move ion
nth support nwy move nrg
nrg move cly
nwy move nrg
rom move ven
ruh support sil move mun
sil move mun
smy support ank move con
tyr move boh
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Italy: fleet/dislodged con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Austria: fleet/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
con move bul/ec
gal move vie
rum move sev
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/ec
bla move rum
boh support vie move gal
bre support pic move par
bud support rum
bur move par
cly support wal move lvp
con hold
edi support nth move yor
eng support bre
gal move sil
gas move bre
ion move eas
iri support lvp
kie support mun
mid support gas move bre
mar move bur
mun hold
nth move bel
nrg move nat
pic move par
ruh support mun
rum support vie move gal
sev support bla move rum
smy support con
tyr support boh
ven move tri
vie move gal
wal move lvp
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/ec
ber move bal
bla support con
boh support gal
bre support pic move par
bud support rum
bul/ec support bud move rum
bur move pic
cly support wal move lvp
con support smy
eas move smy
edi hold
eng support bre
gal support rum move ukr
gas support mid move bre
iri move eng
kie support mun
mid move bre
mar move bur
mun hold
nat support wal move lvp
pic move par
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
sev move rum
sil move gal
smy support con
tri move ser
tyr support boh
wal move lvp
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army/dislodged lvp
England: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move yor
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bal convoy kie move lvn
bel move pic
bla move bul/ec
boh move sil
bre support iri move mid
bud move rum
bul/ec support bud move rum
cly support lvp
con support smy
eas move smy
edi move yor
eng move lon
gal move war
gas support pic move par
iri move mid
kie move lvn via convoy
lvp support cly
mar move bur
mun move boh
nat move mid
par move bre
pic move par
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser support bul/ec
sil support war
smy support con
tyr move mun
ukr support gal move war
war hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
war move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bal move den
bla move bul/ec
boh move sil
bre support iri move mid
bul/ec move con
bur support tyr move mun
cly move nat
con support bla move bul/ec
eas move smy
edi move yor
eng move mid
gas move spa
iri move mid
lon support edi move yor
lvn move war
lvp support nat move iri
mos support lvn move war
mun support sil
nat move iri
nap move tys
par support bre
pic move bel
ruh support mun
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sil support lvn move war
smy move con
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
ven move tri
war support ukr move mos
yor move lvp
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: army/dislodged yor
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
smy move ank
yor move wal
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support smy
ank move smy
bel hold
bla support con
boh move mun
bre support mid
bul/ec move bla
bur move ruh
con support ank move smy
den move nth
eng support iri move mid
iri support nat move mid
lon support lvp move wal
lvn support sil move war
lvp move wal
mid hold
mos support sil move war
mun hold
nat move mid
par move pic
ruh support mun
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev hold
sil move war
spa hold
tri move bud
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ukr move sev
war move sil
yor hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Italy: army/dislodged war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
mun move sil
war move pru
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
