PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
den hold
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh support yor move bel
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
tri support ser
ukr support rum
ven move pie
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con move smy
arm move smy
bel support ruh move bur
bla support bul move rum
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move smy
den hold
gre move ion
hol support bel
kie support den
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mun support ruh move bur
nth support nwy
nwy support nth
pic move bre
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
ruh move bur
rum move bla
ser move gre
sev support rum move bla
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri support vie move tyr
tun move wes
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move con
bur move gas
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support smy move arm
arm move ank
bel support bur move pic
bla support arm move ank
bul move rum
bur move pic
con move aeg
den support kie move bal
eng support iri move mid
gas move mar
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
iri move mid
kie move bal
mun move bur
nth support nwy
nwy support nth
par move bur
pie support ven
ser move bul
sev support ukr move rum
smy move arm
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri move tyr
tyr move boh
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
bul move con
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
arm support con move ank
bal support den
bel support pic
bla move con
boh move sil
bre support par
bul support con
con move ank
den hold
eng move bre
gre move apu
hol move kie
ion convoy gre move apu
mid support eng move bre
mar hold
mun hold
nth support nwy
nwy support nth
par support bre
pic support eng move bre
pie move tyr
rum move bul
sev move arm
spa/sc move por
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri move tyr
tun move tys
tyr move boh
tys move nap
ven support pie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support sev move arm
apu support tri move ven
bal move swe
bel hold
boh move tyr
bre hold
bul move ser
con hold
den support bal move swe
gas move spa
ion move tun
kie move ber
mid move spa/sc
mar move bur
mun support kie move ber
nap support tys move ion
nth support nwy
nwy support nth
par support mar move bur
pic support bre
por move mid
sev move arm
sil move war
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri move ven
tyr support ven move tri
tys move ion
ven move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army/dislodged arm
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm disband
swe move bot
ven move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Army lon
remove rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
remove tyr
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
apu support ven move rom
arm move bla
bel move bur
ber move sil
boh move sil
bot move swe
bud move ser
bur move ruh
con support ank move smy
den move bal
gas move spa
ion move gre
kie move ruh
lon move bel
mid support bre
mun support bel move bur
nap hold
nth convoy lon move bel
par move bre
pic support bel move bur
por move mid
rum move bul
ser move gre
stp/nc move bar
swe support den move bal
tri move alb
tun move ion
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bur move gas
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
apu move nap
bal move bot
bar hold
bel support nth move hol
ber hold
bla convoy bul move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bot move fin
bre support mid
bud move ser
bul move sev
bur move mar
con move bul/ec
gas support par move bre
ion move apu
kie support mun
mid support bre
mun support bur
nap support ion move apu
nth move hol
par move bre
pic move par
por move mid
pru move ber
rom support apu move nap
ser move gre
spa move mar
swe support bal move bot
tun support alb move ion
tyr move mun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bre move eng
nap move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
remove tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bar support stp/sc
ber move sil
bla support bul/ec move rum
boh move sil
bot support swe move fin
bre move par
bul/ec move rum
bur move mar
eng move mid
fin move bot
gas support bre move par
gre move ser
ion move tys
kie move ber
mid move wes
mun support ber move sil
nap move rom
par support eng move bre
por move mid
pru support boh move sil
rom move ven
ser move tri
sev move ukr
smy move con
spa move mar
stp/sc support fin move bot
swe move fin
tri move alb
tun move wes
tyr support boh
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: fleet/dislodged bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
par move pic
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bot move swe
bur support bel move pic
con move bul
eng move mid
fin move swe
gas support par
kie move ruh
mid move spa/sc
mos hold
par move bre
pic move bre
por move mid
pru move ber
rom move tus
rum move bla
ser hold
spa move mar
stp/sc move fin
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move rum
ven move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
remove sil
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
bla move rum
boh move sil
bot support stp/sc move fin
bud support vie move gal
bul support bla move rum
bur move bel
con move bla
eng support spa/sc move mid
fin move swe
gas support mar
hol support bur move bel
ion move aeg
kie support ruh move mun
lon move nth
gol convoy tus move spa
mar support por move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
ser support bud
spa/sc move mid
stp/sc move fin
tus move spa
ven move tyr
vie move gal
wes support tus move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support hol
ber move kie
bla move con
bot support fin move swe
bud move ser
bul support bla move con
bur support mar
eng move bre
fin move swe
gal move sil
gas support por move spa/sc
kie support ruh move mun
gol convoy tus move spa
mid support eng move bre
mar support por move spa/sc
mun support ber move kie
nth move den
pic move par
pie hold
por move spa/sc
ruh move mun
rum support bul
ser move gre
sil move pru
stp move fin
swe move den
tus move spa
tyr move boh
ukr move war
wes support tus move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move ska
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove mar
build Army mos
remove pru
remove ruh
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp/nc move nwy
bel move bur
ber move kie
boh move mun
bot move bal
bul hold
bur support gas move par
con support bul
fin move swe
gas move par
gre support ser
hol support kie
ion support gre
kie hold
gol convoy tus move spa
mid move eng
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nth move den
pie move mar
rum support bul
ser hold
sil support boh move mun
ska support nth move den
spa/sc move por
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tus move spa
war hold
wes support tus move spa
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move nth
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move den
bar move nrg
bel support hol
ber support ruh move kie
bul hold
bur support gas move par
con support bul
eng support nth
fin support nwy
gas move par
gre support ser
hol support kie
ion hold
kie move mun
gol move wes
mar support spa
mun support ruh move kie
nth support den
nwy support bar move nrg
por move mid
ruh move kie
rum support bul
ser support gre
sil support ber
ska move swe
spa support mar
stp move nwy
swe support bal move den
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
England: army/dislodged par
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
par disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove bur
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move den
bel move ruh
ber support kie
bud move vie
bul support rum
con support bul
den move ska
edi move nrg
eng support nth
fin move nwy
gre support ser
hol move hel
ion hold
kie support mun move ruh
gol move spa/sc
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nth support edi move nrg
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
par move bre
por move mid
rum support bul
ser support gre
sil move mun
spa move gas
swe support bal move den
tri move ven
vie move tyr
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber support kie
bre support eng
bul support rum
bur move bel
con support bul
den support nwy move nth
edi support nth
eng support bre
fin move nwy
gas support mid move bre
gre support ser
hel support ska move den
ion hold
kie support ruh move hol
mid move iri
mun move ruh
nth support ska move den
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
ruh move hol
rum support bul
ser support gre
spa/sc move por
stp move lvn
swe support den
tyr move pie
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bel
remove iri
build Army sev
remove ska
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber support kie
boh move sil
bre support lon move eng
bul hold
bur move bel
con move aeg
den support hel move kie
edi move cly
eng move bel
gas support mid move bre
gre support ser
hel move kie
hol support bur move bel
ion hold
kie support hol
lon move eng
lvn move pru
mid move bre
mos move ukr
nth support eng move bel
nrg move nat
nwy move swe
par support mid move bre
pie move tyr
por move mid
ruh support bur move bel
rum move bla
ser support gre
sev move rum
swe move bal
tri move alb
tyr move mun
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ser
bal move ber
bel support hol
ber support kie
bla support bul
boh move gal
bre support mid move eng
bul support aeg move gre
cly move nat
den move kie
eng move bel
gal move bud
gas support bre
gre support alb move ser
hel move hol
hol support bel
ion move gre
kie support ber
lon move wal
mid move eng
mun support kie
nat move iri
nth support eng move bel
par move pic
pic support eng move bel
pru support ukr move war
ruh support bel
rum support gal move bud
ser move bud
sil move pru
swe move fin
tyr move vie
ukr move war
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove hel
build Army mos
remove pic
build Army sev
build Army tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
bal support pru move ber
bel move pic
ber support sil move pru
bla move con
bre support eng move mid
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
den move kie
eng move mid
fin move stp
gal support tri move bud
gas move spa
gre move ion
hol move bel
ion support ser move gre
iri support nth move eng
kie move hol
lon support nth move eng
mos support war
mun move kie
nat hold
nth move eng
par support bre
pru move ber
ruh support mun move kie
rum support bud move ser
ser move gre
sev move ukr
sil move pru
tri move bud
vie support tri move bud
wal support nth move eng
war support sev move ukr
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Austria: army/dislodged ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Russia: fleet/dislodged gre
Russia: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move mun
gre move aeg
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul/sc
alb move ser
bal support den move kie
bel support pic
ber support den move kie
bre move eng
bud support alb move ser
bul move ser
con move bul/sc
den move kie
eng move mid
gal move rum
gre support alb move ser
hol support kie
ion support gre
iri support eng move mid
kie support mun move ber
lon support wal move eng
mid support bre move eng
mos support war
mun move ber
nat support eng move mid
par support bre
pic support bel
pru support mun move ber
ruh move mun
rum support ukr move gal
ser move tri
spa hold
stp move lvn
ukr move gal
vie move tri
wal move eng
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
gal move boh
mid move por
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
