PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom support ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move gal
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
eng move pic
gal move war
ion move gre
kie move hol
mid move por
mun move ber
nth move bel
par move bur
pru move war
rom move tus
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
spa hold
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
yor move bre via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move eng
ber move sil
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support rum
den move swe
gal support bud move rum
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move ber
mos support sev
mun support ber move sil
pic move bre
pru move war
rum support bul
ser move bul
sev hold
smy move aeg
spa move mar
tri move ser
tus move ven
tyr move vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move con
rum move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bel support mun move bur
ber move pru
bla support arm move sev
bot move bal
bre move gas
bul support gre
bur hold
con move bul
den move swe
eng support lon move bre
gal move vie
gre support bul
lon move bre via convoy
mid support par move bre
mos support sev
mun move bur
par move bre
rum support bul
ser move tri
sev hold
sil support ber move pru
ukr support arm move sev
war move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
build Army bud
build Army kie
remove ukr
remove yor
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm hold
bal move den
bel move pic
ber move mun
bre hold
bud support tri
bul support rum
bur move par
con hold
eng support lon move bre
gal move vie
gas move spa/nc
gre move aeg
ion move nap
kie move den
lon move bre via convoy
mid move gas
mar support por move spa
mos support war
par support mid move gas
por move spa/sc
pru support sil move war
rum support bul
sev move arm
sil move war
swe move nwy
tri support gal move vie
tun move ion
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move smy
bal move ber
bre support mid move gas
bud move ser
bul support aeg move con
bur move par
con move ank
eng support lon move bre
gas support lon move bre
kie move den
lon move bre via convoy
mid move gas
mar move bur
mos support war
mun move tyr
nap hold
nwy hold
par support mar move bur
pic support bur move par
pru move ber
sev move arm
sil hold
spa/sc hold
tri support mun move tyr
vie support tri
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move ank
bal move swe
ber move kie
bre support bur move par
bud move vie
bul support con
bur move par
con support arm move ank
den move swe
eng support lon move bre
gas support bre
ion support rom move nap
lon move bre via convoy
lvp move iri
mos support war
mun hold
nap move ion
nwy move bar
par support lon move bre
pic support lon move bre
pru move lvn
rom move nap
rum move gal
ser move tri
sil move war
smy support ank move con
spa/sc move wes
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move pie
vie move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nap move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support con move smy
bal move kie
bar support lvn move stp
bre move pic
bul move con
con move smy
den move swe
eng support iri move mid
gas move mid
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie support mun
lvn move stp
mos support war
mun hold
par support bre move pic
pic move bur
pie move mar
ser move tri
sil move ber
smy move arm
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move rom
ven move rom
vie move boh
war hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
remove tys
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move bot
bar support stp
ber move pru
boh support gal move sil
bud move gal
bur move bel
gal move sil
kie support mun
lon move bre via convoy
mid move por
mar move spa
mun hold
nap move ion
smy move aeg
stp hold
swe hold
tri move ven
tun move tys
tus move rom
tyr support ven move pie
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
ank move arm
bar move nrg
bel move bur
boh support sil move mun
bot support lvn move stp
con move gre
eng move bre
gal move war
ion move aeg
kie support mun
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
pie move tus
por support spa
pru move ber
rom move ven
sil move mun
spa hold
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri move alb
tyr support sil move mun
tys move tus
ven support pie move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army lvp
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber support ruh move mun
boh move sil
bot move swe
bre hold
bud move gal
bur support ruh move mun
den support nwy move swe
edi move nth
ion move aeg
kie support ruh move mun
lvp move edi
mos move war
mun support boh move sil
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pie support tyr move ven
por move spa/sc
ruh move mun
spa move gas
stp move fin
tri move adr
tyr move ven
tys support rom
ven move apu
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg convoy gre move smy
alb move gre
apu support ven move rom
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bot move swe
bre move mid
bur move par
den support swe
fin move nwy
gal move rum
gas support bur move par
gre move smy
ion move nap
kie support ber
mun move tyr
nth move eng
nwy support swe
pie move tus
pru move ber
rom hold
sev move mos
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc move gol
swe hold
tyr move mun
tys support rom
ven move rom
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove smy
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support tus move rom
ber hold
boh move mun
bot move bal
den support swe
eng convoy lon move bre
fin move nwy
gas move mar
gre move alb
ion move tys
kie support ber
lon move bre via convoy
gol move mar
mid move spa/nc
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap support rom
nwy support swe
par move bur
pru move ber
rom support nap
ruh support kie
rum move gal
sil support boh move mun
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
tus move rom
tys support rom
ven support tus move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ser
apu support ion move nap
bal move den
ber move sil
boh support mun
bot move swe
bre hold
den move kie
eng move bel
fin support bot move swe
gas move bre
ion move nap
kie move hol
gol move mar
mun support pru move ber
nap support tys move rom
nwy move nrg
par support gas move bre
pru move ber
rom support ion move nap
ruh move mun
sil support pru move ber
spa/nc hold
stp move nwy
swe move den
tys move rom
ven support rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
England: army/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army mos
remove ruh
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move den
bel move eng
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bre move pic
bud move tri
hol support kie
ion move nap
kie hold
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar move gol
mos support war
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nrg move nth
par support bre move pic
rom move tus
sil support boh move mun
spa/nc move mid
stp/sc move bot
swe move ska
tri move adr
tys move tun
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move ven
ber support mun move kie
bot move bal
den support ska move nth
eng convoy wal move bre
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move nth
gol move mar
mid support wal move bre
mun move kie
nap support adr move ion
par move bre
pic support hol move bel
rom move tys
ruh support mun move kie
ska move nth
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tyr move boh
wal move bre via convoy
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lvp
remove nrg
remove pic
build Army sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move den
bel support nth move hol
ber move kie
boh move sil
bre hold
den move nth
eng move bel
gal move rum
hol move ruh
ion move aeg
kie move ruh
mid support bre
mos support war
nap move ion
nth move hol
par move bre
ruh move bur
ser move bul
sev move ukr
sil move ber
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys support nap move ion
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move kie
bel support nth move hol
ber support kie
boh move sil
bre move pic
bul move rum
bur move mar
den support bal move kie
eng move bel
fin move stp
gal support sil move war
hol move ruh
ion move tun
kie support mun move ruh
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nth move hol
nwy move fin
par move bur
pie support bur move mar
rum move sev
sil move war
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
ukr support war
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
England: fleet/dislodged mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet tri
remove wes
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move ber
bel move pic
ber support kie
boh move sil
bud move rum
bul move con
bur move par
con move bla
den support hol move kie
eng convoy wal move bre
fin move stp
gal support rum move ukr
hol move kie
kie support mun move ruh
mid move spa/nc
mar move gas
mos support war
mun move ruh
pic move par
pie move mar
rum move ukr
sil move pru
stp move lvn
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move sev
wal move bre via convoy
war hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move pru
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support rum move sev
bre support pic
bur move par
con move ank
den support kie
eng support pic
gal support sil move war
gas move spa
kie hold
lon hold
lvn support war
gol support gas move spa
mar move bur
mos support war
mun support ber move kie
nth move hol
pic hold
pru move ber
ruh support ber move kie
rum move sev
sev hold
sil move war
spa/nc hold
tus move pie
ukr move mos
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
England: supply spa
England: fleet/dislodged spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
