PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
ber move kie
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
edi move den via convoy
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy edi move den
nrg move nwy
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
spa move por
tri move vie
tyr move boh
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel move ruh
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud support tri
bul hold
con support bul
gre move aeg
mar move pie
par move bur
por move spa
rum move bul/ec
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
sil move ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc move gol
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tun move tys
tyr support boh move vie
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
ber support mun
bla move rum
bul support bla move rum
bur move mun
con move ank
edi move yor
kie move den
lon move nth
gol support pie move tus
mid move wes
nth move hol
pie move tus
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bla
sil move war
smy move aeg
spa move mar
swe move den
tyr move tri
tys move gol
ukr move sev
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet edi
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move bla
arm move ank
ber move kie
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mun
con move smy
edi move nrg
hol move hel
kie move den
gol support tus move tys
mar move pie
mun support ber move kie
nap support tys
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy move swe
rom move tus
ruh support bur move mun
rum move sev
sev move rum
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tri support vie move bud
tus move tys
tys move wes
ven support rom move tus
vie move bud
war move gal
wes support tus move tys
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bla move sev
bud support tri move ser
bul support rum
den hold
gre hold
hel support nth
hol move kie
kie support den
gol move tys
mun support pie move tyr
nap move tys
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move nth
pie move tyr
ruh support hol move kie
rum support bla move sev
sev move rum
ska support nwy move nth
smy move ank
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tun support nap move tys
tus support nap move tys
tys move tun
ven move pie
war move gal
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ber
nwy move bar
sev move arm
tun move ion
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army smy
build Army ven
remove war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm support con move ank
bar support ska move nwy
bud move tri
bul move con
con move ank
edi move nrg
gre move ion
hel support nth
ion move tun
kie support lon move den
lon move den via convoy
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun move boh
nth convoy lon move den
nwy support edi move nrg
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum move bla
ser support bud move tri
sev support ank move arm
ska move nwy
smy support bul move con
swe support ska move nwy
tun hold
tus support tys
tyr support mar move pie
tys support ion move tun
ven move tyr
wes support tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army/dislodged arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move syr
nwy move stp/nc
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
arm move ank
bar support nwy
bla move arm
boh support tyr move vie
bur move ruh
con support arm move ank
den move swe
gre move ion
hel move den
ion move tun
kie move ber
gol support pie move tus
mun support kie move ber
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy hold
pie move tus
ser move bud
sev hold
smy support arm move ank
stp/nc move bar
swe support nwy
syr support ank move smy
tri support ven move tyr
tun hold
tus support tys
tyr move vie
tys support ion move tun
ven move tyr
wes support tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet/dislodged tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy disband
tus move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army mar
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
arm move ank
bar move nwy
ber move pru
boh support mun move tyr
bud support tri move vie
con support ank move smy
den move swe
edi move cly
gre move aeg
hel move kie
ion move tun
lon move nth
lvp move yor
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nrg support stp/nc move bar
nwy support den move swe
rom support tys
ruh move mun
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/nc move bar
swe move fin
syr support smy
tri move vie
tun support gol move tys
tus support gol move tys
tyr move boh
tys support ion move tun
vie support mun move tyr
wes support tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
France: army/dislodged vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
smy move arm
tyr move ven
vie move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support smy
ank hold
arm move sev
bar convoy cly move stp
bla convoy con move sev
boh support mun move tyr
bud support vie
cly move stp via convoy
con move sev via convoy
fin move stp
gal move rum
ion support tys
kie move bal
gol move tys
mun move tyr
nth convoy yor move den
nrg convoy cly move stp
nwy support cly move stp
pie support tyr move ven
pru move war
rom move tus
smy hold
swe move fin
syr move smy
tun support gol move tys
tus support gol move tys
tyr move ven
tys support ion
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
wes support tun
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove fin
build Army lon
build Army par
remove syr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support smy move arm
bal convoy swe move pru
bar convoy edi move stp
bla move sev
boh move vie
bud support tri
con move bul
den move kie
edi move stp via convoy
ion support tys
lon move den via convoy
gol move tys
nth convoy lon move den
nrg convoy edi move stp
par move bur
pie move ven
rom move tus
rum move bud
smy move arm
stp move mos
swe move pru via convoy
tri move ven
tun support gol move tys
tus support ven move rom
tyr support boh move vie
tys support ion
ven move rom
vie support tri
war move ukr
wes support tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army/dislodged arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move syr
rom move nap
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move smy
bal convoy den move lvn
bud support gal move vie
bul support sev move rum
bur move mun
den move lvn via convoy
gal move vie
gre move ion
ion move apu
kie move ber
gol move tys
mos move sev
nap support tys move rom
nrg move cly
nwy move nrg
pie move ven
pru move war
rom hold
rum move bud
sev move rum
stp move mos
syr move smy
tri support gal move vie
tun support gol move tys
tus support rom
tyr move tri
tys move rom
ukr support mos move sev
wes support tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
France: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army par
remove syr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
