PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom hold
sev move bla
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support ukr move rum
bre move pic
bud support ukr move rum
con move aeg
den move swe
fin move swe
kie move hol
nth move nwy
pic move bel
rom move tun via convoy
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
smy move con
spa move por
stp move nwy
tys convoy rom move tun
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army sev
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
ber move pru
bla support ser move bul
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
fin move bot
gre support ser move bul
hol support ruh move bel
mar move gol
mun hold
pic move bel
por move spa
ruh move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move ukr
stp move fin
tri move alb
tun move naf
tyr hold
tys move wes
ven support tyr
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move ion
ank move con
bel hold
bla convoy rum move arm
bot move swe
bul hold
con move bul
eng support pic move bel
fin support bot move swe
gre support bul
hol support bel
gol support spa
naf move spa via convoy
pic move bel
pru move lvn
rum move arm via convoy
spa hold
swe move den
tri hold
tyr hold
ukr move war
ven support tyr
vie support tri
wes convoy naf move spa
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army mos
build Army par
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank support con
arm move ank
bel move bur
ber move pru
bla support arm move ank
bud support tri
bul move con
con support ank
den move swe
eng support pic move bel
fin move stp
gre move aeg
hol move bel
ion support gre move aeg
lvn move war
gol move tys
mos move lvn
mun support bel move bur
naf hold
par move gas
pic move bel
spa move naf via convoy
swe move nwy
tri hold
tyr move mun
ven hold
vie move boh
war support mos move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ank move smy
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion move eas
ank hold
bel hold
bla support bul move con
boh support tri move vie
bud move rum
bul move con
bur move mar
con move ank
eas support smy
eng support bel
gas move bur
hol move bel
ion move eas
lvn support war move pru
mid convoy naf move por
mun move boh
naf move por via convoy
nwy hold
smy support con move ank
spa move por
stp move fin
tri move vie
tyr move pie
tys move rom
ven move rom
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Turkey: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
pru move ber
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army kie
remove lvn
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
arm move ank
bel move lon via convoy
bla support arm move ank
boh move gal
bud move rum
bur move mar
con move smy
eas support con move smy
eng support bel move lon
fin move swe
hol move bel
kie move den
mid convoy naf move por
mar move gas
mun move bur
naf move por via convoy
nwy support fin move swe
pie move tus
pru move ber
rum move ukr
spa move mar
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tys move rom
ven move rom
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move con
bal move bot
bel hold
bla support ank move con
bur move mar
eas move aeg
eng support bel
gal move war
gas move mar
mid support por
mun move bur
nwy support swe
por hold
pru move war
rum move sev
ser move rum
smy support aeg move con
spa hold
swe support nwy
tus move rom
tys move nap
ukr support rum move sev
ven move apu
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army mos
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move arm
apu move nap
bel hold
bla support mos move sev
bot move stp/sc
bud move rum
bur move mar
den move swe
eas move ion
eng support bel
gal move war
gas move par
hol move bel
mid move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move tys
nwy move nrg
por support mid move spa
pru move war
rom support apu move nap
rum move sev
sev move mos
smy support aeg move con
spa hold
swe move fin
tri support vie move tyr
ukr support sev move mos
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
spa move gas
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel hold
bud move ser
bur move par
con move ank
eng move bre
fin support mos move stp
gal move war
gas move bur
ion hold
mar support gas move bur
mos move stp
nap hold
nrg move edi
par move bre
pru move sil
rom support nap
rum move bul
sev move mos
smy support con move ank
spa/sc hold
swe move fin
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move gol
ukr support gal move war
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bur move mun
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bud
remove eng
remove fin
build Fleet kie
remove gol
remove mos
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bel hold
bud move vie
bur move par
edi move nth
hol move bel
ion support ven move apu
kie move hel
mar move gas
mun move tyr
par move bre
por move spa
rom move ven
ser move gre
sev move arm
sil move gal
smy support sev move arm
spa/sc move gol
swe move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move mos
ven move apu
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
Russia: army/dislodged arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move nap
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move sil
bre move par
bud move gal
bul move rum
con move aeg
gal move rum
gas move bre
hel move den
hol move bel
ion support apu move nap
gol support spa move mar
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap support rom move apu
nth move den
par support gas move bre
rom move apu
spa move mar
tri move adr
ven move rom
vie support bud move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
Germany: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bre move pic
gal move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army bud
build Army mun
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
bel move pic
bre move pic
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
gal move boh
hel move den
hol support pic move bel
ion move tun
mun move tyr
nap support adr move apu
nth move edi
par hold
pic move bel
rom support adr move apu
sev move ukr
sil move boh
smy move arm
tri move ven
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move nap
arm move sev
bel move pic
bur move par
den move kie
edi hold
gal move boh
gre move tun via convoy
ion convoy gre move tun
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nwy move stp
par hold
pic move bel
rom move tus
ruh move kie
rum move bud
stp/sc move lvn
tri move ven
tun move naf
ukr move gal
ven move pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army kie
remove pic
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
boh support gal move sil
bud move gal
bur support mun
den move nth
edi move cly
gal move sil
hol support kie move ruh
ion support nap move tys
kie move ruh
gol move pie
mar support gol move pie
mun move boh
naf move mid
nap move tys
par support ruh move bur
ruh move bur
sev move ukr
sil move war
stp move mos
tri move adr
tun move naf
tus support pie
tyr support boh
vie move tri
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bur move gas
sil move ber
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
boh move mun
bur move pic
cly move edi
gal support sil
ion move tys
gol support mar move spa
mid convoy naf move por
mar move spa
naf move por via convoy
par support bur move pic
rom move ven
sil support boh move mun
tri move vie
tus support pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ven move tri
war support sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army/dislodged pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
